You know what I do is to write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the car for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a science.
I can look at it as a reduction, or with a card, and no one has ever heard a research.
I'm here to talk to you about carbon and performance.
And you know that a general pilot is something that is going to be somewhere else.
You just have to go back to the drug to see it as a piece.
That's the piece of a crisis.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Benjamin.
This is the kind of a complicated cancer of which I'm going to talk to you.
My cancer started in the 1970s in the middle of the middle school, in San, Harvard where I was the bottom of the sky.
And when they walk up to each week in the back of the girls -- until a teacher was sent to me life.
She had my life to let me go into the head of the professionals.
I did it in school.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
He had a painting, and he ended up in San Francisco, and he ended up in San Francisco -- California -- I found a lot -- and in the 1970s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that were going to get against DNA.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call of that mission, the Park Park he said, "I need to see it.
I'm devices that we are never going to know to you.
You could come to Harvard, and please bring that man that I know you've ever found it.
And I have to tell you that I have cancer cancer, and I would like you to put you with this for family.
Well, the next day we were in Congo.
We were going to see it, we go back, and we realized that she needed to be hospitals.
We found a place -- we found it, and we put it out of their family, because it was need.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman I wanted to tell you as an adult came to me -- it became a corner box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the cancer had been controlling -- he had become a camera -- and that piece of which I talked to you about in itself.
The piece is that death is part of life.
She had my life, my park and I save the one of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs real and beauty and I'm very happy to talk about this today.
It also needs -- I need digital, love. And it's our work for those things.
Thank you.
As an art, the connection is very important for me.
And through my work, I'm trying to explain that humans are not separate of nature and that everything is inspired in it.
I was for the first time to Alexander about 10 years ago, and I saw my first stations.
I was wrong.
My heart came up, he was struggle, trying to understand what was front of me.
The states around my water around the water almost 50 meters -- and I couldn't even think that it was about a control of the neighborhood about another couple of years after year.
The states are born when you learn from the bacteria or you take the ice backgrounds.
Every scientist has its own individual perspective.
They have a different way to interact with their environment.
Some of them are going to go back and go down to the end, while other people can't be able to put it more and develop it in a little bit of paradigm paradigm.
It's easy to think, when you look at a sentence, which are supporting sensitive and only as you look at us as a human.
But the reality is all about it.
And as you get a sentence, I'm going to give you a standard attention.
As you get up a sense of a strange water water in materials that feed many forms of life.
I'm going to try to figure out these techniques as if it comes to the researchers of my ancestors -- I know that in these unique moments there are just that way and they won't go out of that way again.
It's not the death when you get up, it's not a end, but a combination of your way for the skin of life.
It's part of the ice of the state that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has more than 100 years old.
The last pictures that I would like to show you is from a subject that photograph in Karas, Green.
It's a little bit to be able to be able to be able to be able to make a strange state.
Here they are.
You can see the left a little bit of it.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to put attention to the form of the state and your line of fantastic.
You can see here, it starts to reach, the boat has moved into the other side and the man is there in front of you.
This is a sentence of Germany, in the average way.
It goes out of the water of the water for a few feet or 40 meters or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so again, the state shows a different side of their people.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two countries in 1945, the same day, exactly at the same time, each of the one is going to get a baby back. Okay.
So two countries each of a baby.
I don't want you to get too much in the decades of the context -- because if you get to think about the concept in you, you're not going to pay attention to me.
We think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the control and the spirit is going to the 21st of the air.
And in the other case, the 2010 company is happening to the 21st century of the air.
And both of you think of it and you get the life.
We're going to talk about them.
In my ability to make two robots.
In one of my robots, I work with the story of the anti-foot.
I am a story for information, and what I study in this case is the way people are going to say, in human bodies and animals -- how they have considered the computer factors -- the idea of the body, the idea of the body.
The other role that happens in my work is the artist, as a decision of patients or as I say sometimes a little bit of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've been working with people whose physical controls are able to solve social media.
I've been working for example, for example, two people within a same body.
I've worked with people with animals, people much more low than the environment.
And I've worked with many cases of people with sexual sex -- individuals whose physical technology is not to get in the male states and control states.
In general lines -- we can call it a sensitive line.
The supermarket is a lot of ways.
I'm going to ask you some examples of ways to have a sex that doesn't have a sex in the common forms or financial ways.
For example, this is the case of the individuals with the 21st percent of the company -- and it tells you to proteins, that we all have in the favorite life, which will become terrible.
And then, in the favorite life, the techniques are going to be self-assembled.
But because this industry comes out of terrorism records, the body doesn't relationship to the same.
It is the sense of interaction to the institutions.
So there are high levels of station, but without relationship.
And as a control, the body is developed by a very strong course of it.
When it comes up, the baby has a little bit.
It's a child. It's created as a child.
And of course, it's not but to the village -- when it's growing and develop the sounds but it doesn't have the mental person, when someone is going to realize something is going on.
And then you can do that at the time you realize that instead of having eyes and you have, you actually have terrible and a company.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like that.
The women, like men -- we have in the body -- something called a little bit called supermarket.
They're in the body of the body.
And the supercomputers are going to be able to produce institutions, the hormone of magic.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- I don't know their computer structure -- I think to be a typical woman most of the women as I are sensitive to the institutions.
We produce institutions and we respond to the institutions.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most successful brain to the institutions that the woman who was born with the terrific sense of international institutions.
So the sex is something complicated -- it's not that animals are in the middle of the space, in a certain way can be everywhere.
Another example, a few years ago, I got a few years ago, I got a call of a 18 years ago, and I was born as they would go up, he had national regions, he took a life as a chip and I was just discovered that he had eyes and he had to figure out that he had eyes and he had to figure out.
I had an extraordinary way of a disease known as super supermarket supermarket.
He had 2010 and in the course of the subject of the subjects were so active that in effect, they created a massive environment.
As a control, their genes were marked, their brain was successful to the complete hormone computer.
I was born with a child, no one survived anything.
And it was at the age of the age of the age when I started to have medical problems in the Internet, when the doctors found that in fact, it was a woman in front of it.
Well, another example of a serious case of a sense.
Some people with the 20th century, they develop what you know as a paradigm, is to say, they have a little bit of professional transportation in the terrible team.
We don't know why it happens.
So there are a lot of sex.
The reason that children with this kind of body -- and they are supporting them, or supermarket, and increased surgery, they're not going to be able to be able to make a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy people.
The reason why they take a lot of surgery is that they're a threat for our social cars.
The system is based on the idea that a particular artist takes a particular idea.
We have the idea that being woman is to have financial identity -- of course, to be black means to say to have Africa in human terms in terms of history.
A very simple idea.
And when you think about a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with the color.
And so we have very exciting ideas in our culture about the industry.
Our nation is based on a concept of a very sophisticated industry.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people within a same body.
The case that is a lot more labor is last year with the South South South Saturn Saturn -- it was put up in the sea of his sex in the Green General Google.
A lot of perspectives called to say, "What are you going to do to do to figure out if Cardian Serre is man or woman.
And I had to explain to the perspectives that there is no survey as well.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to figure out that nature doesn't take a low line between men and women or women and between men and women and women and well-being and we are all of us who we take that line.
So what we have is a situation in which the more you get the science -- the more we have to figure out that these cars -- we thought that these cars -- we thought that they were able to go directly with strange cars that are going to be a lot more different than we thought about it.
And not just in terms of sex.
And in terms of radio, something that turns out to be much more complicated from what the technology allows us.
As we see, we go in a stage territory.
So let's look at it, for example, the fact that we share at least 75 percent of DNA with children.
What are we going to do?
And as we set up in science we're going to take more and more and more and more in an entire area that we have to recognize that the simple cars that we have probably are too simple.
And we're looking at this in all the human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture in the United States today are the fingers at the end of the life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body will be human and it has different rights to the fields.
There are a very bad device today -- it's not in public -- but I know in the medicine.
Our ancestors never had to look at this question of if someone was dead.
As a lot of put it up in front of the name and if you move it up.
If I left to move it out.
But we can today, for example, to be able to go through a body of a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we need to be able to get to the difference of designing the death of someone -- and this is a hard situation in which we don't have the simple cars of the past.
And maybe you think that this experience of cars could get someone like me.
In policy I am protecting the people with individual bodies -- but I have to figure out that I got new network.
It will be able to be able to be a lot more interestingly than we thought to me.
And I think of the point of view of democracy.
And to tell you about this fear of the first thing I have to figure out that I'm a private piece of Facebook Facebook.
I know they were radical, I know they were sex, but they were big.
I mean, they were so valuable and so radical and so radical in what they did -- that I find it every single time looking at that music common and not by the music, which is completely passion.
That's what happened in 1985 with the Facebook Facebook.
The Facebook Facebook were for me, the first activities of the article and explain to you.
What they recognized was a traditional concept and they read it with another thing that was radical and beautiful and it was kept for 200 years.
And as you all remember -- what our Facebook parents was the idea of the movie. The mother was based on a very simple concept of the attention.
The old mothers in the old world didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of right.
They had the blue control concept of it.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power for the top of the open transportation of the father to the father and then the son, etc.
The Facebook Facebook came up with that idea, and they gave it up for a new context and that concept was that all men are created as well.
They read the group of game and decided that the artist that matters was the atmosphere in common and not the anti-single differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part of them they were doing because they were part of a system in which they were getting two things.
It was getting democracy and at the same time I was born science.
And it's very clear -- if we look at the story of the Facebook Facebook, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were running out of the supercomputer experience, and because they were going to get the concept of the complex power of political power to go out of one idea of the nation.
They were moving up to a natural concept to it.
And if you look at it, for example, the Department of the English, talk about nature and the children of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
You talk about the power of nature to tell you who we are.
And in contact they were trying to get the idea of the authority control.
And when they do that, they were sitting the basis of the future of the future of Congress.
They didn't think about it in that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later.
And the women.
Then I came up with the success of the Michael Richards with people in the Salara's Salara, who said, "I am not a woman.
We found men in the middle of the Collision Mexico -- saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color that I went on to the traditional control on the traditional difference and again, transformation.
We see the same with the Microsoft Movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the conditions we have to start to ask us why we make certain distances.
But attention -- I want to keep a few people in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't want to say that we had to go back to the anti-foot.
I don't want to say that the five years of five years would be allowed to be able to have sexual relationships or happening.
So there are some anti-single distances that for me to have sense and that I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why do you keep them and if you have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two being connected to the beginning of this talk.
We have two series, both of us who are coming up to half the same day.
We imagine that one of them, Mars, I was born three months before the time -- one of the 1950s of 1980.
Here, in the center -- I was born in terms -- I was born at one of the 1970s of 1990.
And by the only fact that I was born three months before Mars is going back all the right three months before Hero -- the right of the sex -- the right to the size, the right to the right of the background.
Hero has to wait for all of that not because it has a biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other risks in relationship to their right.
Here, in order to be able to be aware of the man -- and I have not told you if it's 1995, in order to be able to be able to be a paradigm of the factory of the strange that Mars doesn't have to worry about.
March, for your part -- it doesn't have the same rights at the market that Hollywood in all of the states -- for example.
Hero can happen in all of the states with a woman, but Mars can happen with a woman just in some states in some world.
And so you still have a transportation that in many of them that in several species are problems and conservations.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science is so much in the field of the artist that we get to the point of having to figure out that a democracy.
I don't want to go back to science, but at the same time I feel like the science of the science.
Where are we going on?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of property activity, "Well, we have to take the line in some part, so we're going to do it.
But a lot of people are born in a radio position in a paradigm.
For example, Telescopes in a certain time has decided that to save with a man don't have to have companies, and that to help me with a woman you have to have company.
Now, in the practice they don't do the people who do with people.
But this is also very strange to the story that I told you at the beginning of the understanding of the influence to the institutions.
If you look at one of the physical parents of modern democracy -- Dr. Mars Martin Karash, in your design "Come to decision a solution.
It says that we should go to people who are not going to go into the color of their skin -- but in the cost of their carbon, it will be beyond the attention.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But in the process, how do you do?
How do you add people in front of your control?
I want to be sure that I'm not sure that I'm not sure that we were going to go out in this to get them right to the people, because I've been able to figure out that I know some of them are going to be able to be able to think of the social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of you who know that you can take more decisions and interesting and mathematics on your sexual relationships that people from 40 that I know.
So how do you put the issue of the control of control?
It turns out that very hard.
And one part of me was asking what happens if the camera of a person could be in the future will be a mind with a mathematics, maybe with a magic research.
Do we want to really get to that point.
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to make this kind of thinking of thinking to the issue of democracy.
We have done a good work of democracy and I think we will do a good work in the future.
We don't live -- for example, in a context as a man who feels around for other men is supposed to be used to be used to being used to less than it is willing to take a sexual change, where it was allowed to live it.
We're not in that situation.
I would say that we don't have a context like a surface that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had done a couple of years at the time and so on.
But when the phone was asked by the impact of the opportunity -- it was a very, very rich opportunity -- I turned out that in that other country these kids would be very excited and because I had to do it.
And what he said, "Well, it has considered the political approach instead of the subject of the subject of the strange service?
The United States. The United States.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to end up I want to say that I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about how the democracy. or as it might have been a lot of participation to the Mondon.
And I want to say something a little bit a little bit a little bit a little bit of a favorite, and it is that I think there may be different ideas from different plants in particular if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in the subject, I've also been interested in investigated the sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in are the difference between men and women in the way to think and hope in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women -- at all.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
So years ago, when I was in the plant, one of my subjects that I knew I was interested in the famous -- I was really interested in family -- like now, I did a strange plan.
"What does it have about the favorite?
And I thought, "It's the most exciting question I've heard about.
And the famous has to do with making the general states, so there is nothing else.
But the more I've thought about his question, more has seen me that there is something final in the fantastic.
I mean, that there might be something -- in average -- something different between the financial brain and the market that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most values.
So if the parents were very attention to find the way to protect people in the part of the state -- it is possible that, of having invented more money to this concept -- maybe we would have been able to get the concept of the production with the right support of it.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the arm, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of the identity -- and think more about the relationships of it.
So as we try to create a more perfect universe, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In the year 2007, I decided we had to remember how we think about economic development development here.
Our new goal should be that when every family is thinking where they want to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between the least a piece of different cities that are sharing to go back to new resources.
Well, in this moment we're far away from that object.
There are thousands of millions of people in developing developing countries that don't think of a single city willing to give them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they go much more than their cost of conversation.
So we could easily get it to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be able to hear if you've never thought about new cities.
But you just remember it by the business buildings of artificial.
Imagine that half of those people who want to live in artists are already properly properly and the other half of the other half is still going to do it.
You could try to figure out the ability to do experiments in all of the existing buildings in all of the existing building.
But you know that the problem that you will find is that those buildings and the areas that are going to get together in order to avoid the molecules and the designers of the conversation.
So it would be very hard to do all of those properties.
But you could go to a totally new place, building a whole new building of new services and when the numbers of that place are going to make the building instead of putting them out.
So the government that governments are creating new areas of responsibility enough enough to be able to get cities and gave them a name -- and I gave them a name -- cities under it.
More later I found out that more or less at the same time, John and Earth were thinking about the challenge to reduce Hollywood.
They knew that every year about 75 houses would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could go and make those same things in Houston.
In the summer of 2007, Haiti happened for a control consumer crisis by the time.
In the next few regions -- I think Latin is improved with a plan in which you probably remember and at the same time.
And he asked him to East who was his galaxy car.
While I was going to give me a talk to give a talk in TED.
And through a process of personal process, teach and a great amount of teachers with users, I tried to reduce this computer concept of cities under their most effective ideas.
The first point was the importance of the nations, like those numbers that say that you can't go and move all the things that you can be able to do.
We put a lot of attention to the new technology, but you need so much of technologies as you have to protect it, and it's usually the numbers that are going to get out of us.
In the middle of 2010, a friend of Galapago sent him to Einstein a stage with TED.
I showed him to John.
They called me.
They said, "We said this to the leaders of our country.
So in fact, we went back in Mars, in a room.
I tried to tell you this point about how valuable the cities, a lot more valuable than their own motor.
And I used this image that shows the value of the terrorists in a place like New York Constant, they say, in some cases, they go thousands of dollars per square per square per month.
But it was a pretty brilliant discovery, and at some time, when there was a pattern, I was like, "Come on, maybe we could see the video of the TED TV.
And the talk described in terms of a very simple thing that a very simple city is a place where you start with a sense of devices, a state that shows the rules that are going to go out there and a choice so that people can choose if you want to go or not live under those nations.
So the president of Hollywood called me, and he told me that we had to do this project -- this is important -- this could be the way that our own country.
I asked me to go to Sea and talk about nine and five of them.
So I thought about another talk full of data, which I including a picture like this, which I tried to explain that to get a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Development and the white line is the new approach that was built in Department.
It's just this paradigm over 100 miles a single bit more than 100 dollars.
So I was trying to convince the ants that to build a new city -- you have to start with a site that looks at the least one than a billion dollars.
That's more than 100 hearts.
All of the world's common.
The audience of the public were very serious and streets.
The leader of the control went back to the plant and said, "The Rome Richard, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this in my computer.
So I felt and show me the TED.
And this explain is the essential -- that a new city can make new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you might be in Harvard, rather than hundreds of miles of difference to the North North.
And I also include new choices for leaders.
Because the leaders of the government government would be able to help care countries -- they could benefit from the countries that would help them stop and make the numbers of the state, so that they could all trust that the state is entertainment.
We went and saw a situation.
This picture is there.
It could be able to open up a thousand miles a thousand dollars.
And then I got a little bit of it, they came up in the Country to get his Congo and add a contemporary device that allowed to create these special resources.
In a country I was just going to go through this plant crisis, the video in the Columbia to the college of this context was 1985 to one.
All of the particles, all the factors in society -- the responsibility.
In order to get in the Congo, you have to look at two times in the Congress.
The 17 of us was born again in the other video, 1985 to one.
And I immediately after the video, in the age of 24 percent of the 1960s, a device of about 30 hospitals went to the two places in the world that are more interested in part of the cities.
One of them is Carto Country.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is building in the South Country, is bigger than the center of Brazil.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after you spend four years to get the personalities.
The other country in the building of cities is Santa.
In fact, they have been built two cities in China and they are getting a third one.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a place for the second city.
They are putting a legal system that would allow them to be able to come in, and at the time it would allow us to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
A country has already been used to allow her to allow her to be the last institution of the last institution for this new standard system.
There are animations and terms of cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get a little bit of financial.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of states.
There are a lot of companies that they want to put in the South America, especially in a place with a common area and there are a lot of people who would like to live there.
In the world there are 80 million people who say that they would like to change the other place.
There's a million dollars a year that comes from South America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to their family to go to a work, sometimes they're a few things that have to win money for just to eat or buy a brand.
So again, sometimes even kids who are trying to get with their parents that have not seen in some cases, in a decade in a decade in a decades, in a decade in a decades, in a decade in a decade ...
So what does it seem to think about the building of a new city in Houston."
Or do you build a decision of this, or a understanding of these all over the world?
What does it seem to think about trying to do so that the families can choose between various cities that are going to be used to go back to new resources?
So this is an idea that is going to be disappeared.
And my favorite friends asked me to say, thank you TED."
I'm John, and this is my value.
But before I'm going to show you what there is inside there, I'm going to make a public conversation.
I love to find it, showing me, and more record, to photograph and put up in my black traditional company, colors and different for each other.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my radio is a second hand of teachers and sensors of second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second of a second hand allow me to reduce the impact of my bone in the environment and in my boat.
And I come to know the interesting people, by the general of my money is going to a good cause of a good cause -- and I will buy it into my personal personal perspective.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it from my state?
I would like to do the color."
It will cost less than 20 dollars.
If all of the answer are possible -- then I feel that I have gotten.
They go back to the issue of my value, I want to tell you what I do for this impact week at TED.
I mean, what do you do with someone who has all that role?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I did.
I've taken seven parts of the interest and nothing else.
Robert interviews for exactly a week is all I put in my value.
I would imagine that it would be able to find all of the other things that I want to use after you get here to Palm Serrant.
And because they don't know how the woman who was walking by TED in the bottom --  that means I found some things.
And I would like to show you now the together for this week.
Does it not sound interesting.
As I do it, I'm also going to tell you some of the lives of life that, and I have learned in this arm of not using new action.
So let's start with it.
And this is called bank book.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You can always see you end by less than 50 dollars.
All of the together, including the control, and I got 45 -- and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Language, the color is energy.
It is almost impossible to be a lot of hard, when you're looking at a barrier red back.
If you're happy, you're going to apply other happy people.
Man: The information is supporting.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself.
You just themselves.
If you get out of the responsible people, you don't just understand you -- you will also be able to get you.
Marston, God from the child that you take inside of it.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like that it seems to go to the disasters, or I remember your little seven years.
I like to go and say, "Thank you.
John, conservation is the key one.
If you think you see good with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you're not going to be good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it was not until the 30 years I really understood their meaning to it.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you believe you are a beautiful person in your interest and exploration, you don't see that you can't hear it.
So there is no experience for any of this audience.
We need to be able to do everything we want to do.
Thank you.
You see, a real universe six words for you, the local lines go with everything.
And finally, it would develop a personal personality and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word of it.
I have thought about it and over again when people were going to me this week just just so what I was using -- and we had a fantastic conversation.
And obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before you go home, to Brazil, I'm going to give you everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to support these things -- because at the back of the close, there will always be another crazy transport, color and basic and being able to hear it, if there is a little bit of love in my heart and looking at it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a restaurant of your brain that we can do in two parts.
The left side, which is the red part and the right side -- which is the interesting part of it.
So if we use a scale to measure the audience of every single man, we could design a plan of our brain.
So for example, this would be someone who is completely recovery.
This would be someone who is totally wrong.
So where would you apply your brain in this school?
Some of these things would go out for one of these experiences, but I think for most of the groups of this audience -- their brain is something like this, with a great audience in both stories at the same time.
It is not that they are stranged enough.
You can be limited and international.
I think of one of those people, which as most of the other financial physical physical physical physical physical physical physical -- we need a lot to be able to control these ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite interesting to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this international interaction? Well, we like to play with things.
We have to play with them and then we see how they recognize it, and then we developed our innovation to that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
It turns out that you can have developed with the step of the years is the one that says that one thing can be just in a place at the time.
I mean, it can be able to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't know with this notion -- the developed it.
I remember to look at a child playing in a bank back.
It was a little child, and I didn't do it very well, it's always coming.
But I guess that the play with that piece of technology taught him a local value -- and it is that the big things don't allow them to take them up, and they go into a place.
This is a great model that you can have from the world, except that you are a piece of parts.
It would be a terrible model for a piece of particles -- because they don't play with the terrible factors -- play with these very small particles.
And when you play with your particles -- you find that they do all kinds of really rich things -- as you can open together, or you can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all of these statistics, and they call it the theory of quantum medicine.
In that point it was found a few years ago -- you need to be able to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little parts.
But you don't need them to describe the big objects that give us all the day.
That's not very well to my innovation, and maybe it is because it doesn't play very often with parts.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a screen.
But it was still good to my local part of it.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of the quantum technology, then it should not be able to follow the principles of the control medicine."
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel a lot better if I could be able to find out that a common object also follow the principles of quantum medicine.
That's why a few years ago, I was able to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that it's been in a content of quantum medicine.
So what we see here is a little bit of computer.
And you can try to see the green point right in the environment.
That's the goal of me that I'm going to talk about a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to give you a little bit a little bit in the center of it.
And then here we do a good thing good at the little metaphor of the metaphor.
So what we see is a little bit of metal, with the way that it is going to go into a plant.
And then I did this almost in the same way that you would do a computer.
I went to a clean room with a new sheep, and I put all the big machines around about 100 hours.
For the last material -- I had to build my own machine.
And this device has the ability to be in a quantum supermarket, but for it needs a little help.
Let me make an anti-foot.
You know what it is to be in a flat of people.
I mean, when I am in a survival -- I do all kinds of red things, but then when other people are going to do those things, because I don't want to move them up, or I don't really try it.
The quantum technology says that the open objects are going into the same way.
The size of the size of the entire objects are not just people, it's also the light that I would take it and the wind that happens to your side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of goal to be able to go back to the quantum medicine.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights -- then we put up a supply and extracted all the air -- and then we put it to a temperature of less than a group for the brain.
Now, when you're just in the electronic, the little piece of goal is free to act as you want.
So we measure their movement.
We discovered that it is moving in very strange ways.
Instead of going to be perfect -- I was looking at it, and the way that he was going to be like a result of this way -- as a state that is going to be experienced and it comes out.
And when you give it a subject start, we were able to do it and it doesn't go at the same time -- something that only happens with the quantum medicine.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean is that one green thing and doesn't go at the same time.
We think about we are.
In one case, all of the transportations of we're going to make that piece of metal -- and at the same time those same time we are moving up for it and for down.
It is just a lot of interest when those are starting up.
In the rest of the time they're developing.
It wants to say that every fear is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of goal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
true.
It was going to be able to get up in a clean room to do this for all of those years to do this for all of those years -- because you look at this, the difference in the scale between a single fear and that piece of goal is more or less the same thing that the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if you just take it in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my local part that I talked about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, how would it be that?
How do you get your conversation if your body was determined in space.
There's another part of the story.
And this is when we get it, and we found the lights and we looked inside the box -- we saw that the goal was there in a single piece there.
And I could get back to this new innovation, apply all of the objects in the collection actually are only a quantum objects that are just made in a little space.
You can talk a lot about that a lot of the quantum control that is all inspired to it.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more profound than that.
It is that those connections -- your connection to all of the things that are going on, literally define who you are, and that is the heart present of the quantum medicine.
Thank you.
My name is Australia.
And I was 18 months ago to get another work in Google -- until I had the idea of doing something relationship with museum and art to my head that is here and I allowed me to take it back to it.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of business and stories -- you know, with 18 very interesting museum in new countries.
But I'm going to focus on the state.
There's a lot of stories why we did.
I think my own story is just just just in this slide and this is the access of it.
I grew up in India.
A great education of a big education -- but I didn't have access to many of these museum and art workers of art.
So when I started to travel and go back to me, I started to learn a lot.
And working in Google -- I try to make the desire to make it more access to the technology.
So we form a team -- a great team of people, and we started doing it.
And better that shows the way to tell you a couple of interesting things that we've taken out from his landscape.
So let's just go to Google.
Look around all the months that there are.
This is the School call, the Mars, the Stanford, the Greenland God.
And in fact, I'm going to go into one of my families -- at Mars, the Muslim art of New York.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We do clinical and do we are inside the world.
It doesn't matter where they are, Brazil or Mars, that doesn't matter.
You will move around and get it up.
Do you want to stay for the museum?
We opened up the sun of it, and with a single clinic, we go back into it.
They're inside that they want to go at the end of the past.
They go down. That is disappear."
Experience.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the better.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite particles, "The Park Park in the Milky.
I see the sea Olympic.
If the museum shows us the image -- we make it out there.
Look at it, this is one of the images.
Here is all the information information here.
For those of you who are really interested in the art -- you can do it out there, but I am going to make a clear here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've created in what we call the genetic technology.
So this image -- for example, I think, I think, about 10 million dollars.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million personality?
So I'm going to show you what it really gets with 10 million dollars.
It can make it a very simple way.
You see things that are going on.
I love this girl -- his experience has no presentation.
But if you really want to do it.
So I began to play -- and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "You know, this seems interesting -- this seems interesting.
And I found out that children were actually playing something.
It was a little bit -- I talked to some people in the Milky, and I actually found that this is a game called "Starter, which is a collection of controlled one year with a painting of Carolina.
And I looked like it was very popular as well.
I don't know why they do, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to make them even more in the presentation and you'll see that you can really get even to the grandmothers.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective -- I'm going to take your image -- so you see what you are.
This is where we are, and this is the particular.
The best thing is to come in, a second.
So now we're going to be able to go back again in New York.
Here one of my favorite family, "The night "come on "the name.
The example I showed was to find decades.
But what if you want to see the piece of the piece of the piece?
And if you want to see how you're going to see how Google is actually created by this state study?
And it doesn't really get it to it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this camera, and I'm really going to get the grandmothers.
This is "The night "come "The "completely "completely storyteller, I think I had never seen this before.
I'm going to show you another of my favorite forces.
There are many things over here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part -- it's called "Compose?
All of you, absolutely all of you, not matter if it's rich or poor -- or if you have a man, that gives you the same.
You can be able to create your own museum, create your own colleagues from all these images.
It's very simple -- we came up, and I have created this function that I call "The power of the "Wisdom, and we just had to do a robot around it.
This is the "block of "The National National of London.
You can put things together, send them to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you're going to be able to connect these things together.
So in fact, I think for me, the main thing is that all incredible things really don't come from Google Google.
No, in my view, they even come out of the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
In fact, they come from those architecture.
And that has been my experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital middle makes it right to his art of art and which is recognized in line.
And the big question that you do today is, you do this to reduce the experience of going to a month?
And the answer is not.
It's to make the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good tasks all.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a piece, a village painting.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this photo -- I am about the children in Einstein grow with this picture in the wall of his dishes, but the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the faces of France one in the last two decades.
I already had a few time ago, if you wanted to make a face of France one, I took a printer and I put it up to a good piece and a good car, and a good car.
And if the car and the paradigm were enough to be good enough -- you won the face.
This is what in the end, it was called control system in real time.
In essential is a system that has two companies, a feeling and a rock.
Now what's interesting is that the control systems in real time are starting to go into our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, they have been controlled and electronics.
They are becoming computers to the free air.
And as you talk about, they're starting to answer different way and they can be detecting and accessible.
It will support cities is a big thing.
As a little bit of the car I wanted to figure out that cities are just two percent of the planet of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the global population.
percent.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
beyond the cities, all of these decisions and activists are going into our collective objects.
This is from a Professor Park for the Middle East, in the morning, during the virus.
It's called "The "Talk "Arabia, North Day.
Well, our objects -- the environment, they start talking to you.
In a way, it is as if we almost all have all of them are going to come together and actions.
And that's going to change the information that as humans have with the wrong environment.
In a certain sense it's almost like in the old Middle Middle.
You know, when I think of the Mars, it says that at the end of the Mars, it says that at the end of the Mars -- and I did it in the Mondon -- you can still see a little bit of little back -- and he said, "Come on, "Do you get doing it?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples in the idea of creating the environment and act something.
Let's start with it.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was about four and a half years ago.
It was a look at the 20th way.
It was the year in the world in the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, you play Earth and France, and at the end of the liver he gave the heart.
And all of all, at the end of Earth.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the California in the middle and the Richard Roman.
It's the morning, before the game.
The line of time is in the upper part of it.
On the long time, there are people over here, and there do you call it, moving up.
It starts the particular state, simulation.
Google from Earth.
Except, people do a quick call and go to the bank.
second time, I end up the right time.
First of all, second.
Video, and in a moment, the heart.
George Earth, right?
And that night all were going to get it to the center of it.
There you see the big piece here.
On the next day they were all at the center of the team and the first minimum of then.
And then the whole world.
You see the image of the place called Cart Mars called Carolina Mars, the people are going to control, is a big stage, you can see the fish at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another example of design, it's not about people, but things that we use and considered.
Today, we know everything about our objects.
This is a map that shows all the kids that are going to make a Mallette, how it would be interviewed.
But we know very little about where the things.
And so in this project we developed a little bit of little slides to reduce the back in their distribution for the system.
We started with a few values that help us in Singapore a year ago, to control what they were ready, different kind of things, as you can see, things that are all going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And then we put a little child, a short, a short, and then we started to get it.
These are the results of it.
Particular Peril.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are many people in the system.
We can do the same with a lot less energy.
These are data that you don't exist.
They're happening things and there is a lot of interest transportation.
But the other thing that we think is that if you look at all the days that the rate that we have is not definitely, it's still somewhere in the planet.
And if the plant of plastic that we put one day it still goes there.
So if we show people that to people, then we can be able to protect some change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleagues of MIT Arabia, I could tell you a lot more about designers and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we start at the beginning, which is to act about the environment.
And the first project is something that we did a couple of years ago in Zaman.
Everything started with a question of the city of the city, which came and told us that Space and the South Europe have a beautiful transport of the use of the water in public spaces in public space.
And the question was, how can the technology, the new technology will go to that?
And one of the ideas that we developed in MIT, in a state, it was imagine that they have a car and clinics, clinical villages, lines that were going on and they come up.
It was created as a water, with water.
If you get the teachers you can write in them, you will show patterns -- images -- texts.
And when you look at it, the correct was going to open up so that we can go on, as you see in the picture.
We put this to the Bangladesh Bangladesh.
I like a lot of it.
And it makes a shark to design the building to the end of the experience.
We call it San Standard Force.
All the building is made of water.
There are no stores or versions, but when you look at it for you to happen.
The goal is also full of water.
And if there is a little bit of wind if you want to move the speeds, you get down the room.
Or you can close the building and all the traditional architecture -- like in this case.
Those days there will always be somebody in the institution, when they go down the table, somebody who was there and he said, "Come up the building the building.
No, it is not that they have decided, but when it comes down almost all of the traditional architecture in it.
Here is in work.
It looks like the people who are going on.
And here I am myself trying to not move to me to try to figure out what the water.
I think I should tell you what a night when all the feelings left to work.
That night was actually even more fun.
All of the kids in Zambia came to the building because the way to interact it had changed a little bit.
It was not a building that was open to leave it to leave it, but a building that would be doing short and water water and you had to go out to not move to it.
(Audience people -- and for us that was very interesting because as an architecture -- inclusion, we always think of the use that people will give our design.
But then the reality is always impressed.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use it.
This is a picture of the building with the physical slides -- the water, and the projects about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those penguins could start to fly out.
Imagine that they could have little birds in the air and that each of you had a little piece that changes color as if it was a corner that is moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a standard, like what we saw before, which is moving with others in surprise.
We could form this chart.
It's a kind of fantastic screen like this with a normal control in two distances.
Or normal, but in three dimensions in which what changes is the light, not the position of them.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen is in different schools and sizes, in different kinds of relationship.
And then all of that could be a set of fish in 3D teachers that you can go back, and you can see from very different numbers.
This is the real French Facebook, going down to form a video, like before.
When you look at the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each one of them control for a person.
We can have each of us with a strength that comes from people, the movement of people, and so on.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We have been working with Robert Boston -- one of the best banks of the Mars today, the stars of the New York and the Military School, to capture their movements in 3D and use them as a strength for the Florida.
Here we can see Richard British.
On the left you see the printers, the camera in different devices.
It's so much 3D time in real time.
It can take all the movement.
You can recognize all the way.
And once we have the teachers we can play with them, with the color and the movement and the robotic and the robot.
We want to use this as a possible possible for the Facebook.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
This is something for the World Ladies of London Lab.
It's called the National West.
And the idea is, you can imagine again, that we could be able to get people to do something and change our environment -- as a crisis of banks, like the bunch of grass, but with a street.
Imagine that we could make all of them a little bit for a piece.
And I think that the thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world in the digital world.
We have disappeared everything like knowledge -- and it's access through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Greek Cameroon showed us, we can go out of the digital world, from the power of the networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may be used to use to design and make a simplicity.
That means something built in a city.
But the morning can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or the CO2 emotions of CO2 -- how do you go from the digital world to the physical world.
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, in collective way.
The control is a neighborhood, again, made out of the same way that the real car is a piece of parts.
And those particles are water, while in our car are professionals.
This is a physical structure in London, but it would be controlled from professionals.
You can move in the inside -- having different experience.
You can see it from the box -- it will be able to share the main moments of the Greek Latin and even more, and it can be used as a way of connection with the community.
So this is a physical arm of the sky as something you can support, like a new state of London, as a New York.
You can go out there.
And as if it was a new digital fish in the night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the side.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are.
And guess that I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes -- they could better improve the memory for a more likely and more quickly.
Or maybe you would like to be in better way, to be more stranger, to have more resources.
Would you like to be more anti-site and seconds of themselves.
How about a lot more with good health.
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative people.
What else would you like to like it?
So what would you like to do if you could choose something.
(Audience: Complete Commission.
How many people would be able to pick the creature?
They read the hand. Let me see.
Please.
That's very good.
How many of you are going to look at memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little bit less one.
How about the little mindset?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor makes me.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination.
Or maybe it's possible.
The evolution has been a professor here in the TED Constant, but today I want to give you the view of a doctor on the issue.
The great generation of the 21st century, TED -- TED -- which is also completely completely completely completely wrote a teacher teacher -- and he was a beautiful teacher in biology has a sense of the light of the economy.
But if you evidence the biological evolution to be able to be able to do this, it's just about the past, or the future of the future.
Do you mean the other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this rate, well, in an experiment, it is, of course, the most interesting.
We discover from a common ancestor with modern children about six or eight million years.
In the interface there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of humans.
Some of you have gone and come back.
We have been here about 150 years.
It might look like we are very far from other parts of this tree of life, but in their most basic map of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can go back and control the map of a common bacteria to produce the price of human industry that is used to treat the disasters?
This is not like human industry, but it is the same process, controlled in which it comes out of the audience.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body.
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think about -- when I translate Darwin play the impact of the experience, think about the background."
The industry is a wonderful environment for those bacteria for those bacteria now.
It's classic, speed, status, is very autonomous.
And we're going to protect all the neurons that you can want without your part of your parts.
It really is like a quick thing for the bacteria with the color of some of the things that we can do in the room.
But we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They tend to give them the essential numbers, and they protect us from certain disease.
But what does the future tell us?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary discovery as species like species.
Or are you willing to become a different thing, something maybe better associate to the environment.
In this sense of the universe, the life in the Earth is like a bright company, the animal research, as a single and only company, and the human life, a little note of thank you.
That was us.
And it was also the whole part of this talk so I hope that they have sent it.
When I came up to the University I had my first kind of biology here.
I was fascinated by electricity and the beauty of biology and the beauty of biology.
I love from the power of evolution and I realized about something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the political organisms -- every single cell and all the genetic energy of that cell is treated to the two children.
But when the moral organisms are starting to change.
It comes into the sexual revolution.
And something very important -- with the attention of the sexual relationship that happens the genome -- the rest of the body becomes properly.
In fact, you could say that the interaction of the body of the body goes into evolution in the same time of sexual revolution.
I have to tell you that when I was a college study thought, well, sex, sex, seemed for sex -- I looked pretty rich in that moment, but with every year I was going on, every time I had more supporting.
I got to understand the sensors of George Bush, which still was going on in the Sea Obama in their 60 years.
And one night somebody gets to her head of hospital.
He opened the door out.
And he found it for him to find a blood blood line.
I looked at it and he says, "You know, "Oh a sea sea sea."
"The Google, he says George, I call the street.
I realized as a doctor -- which was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily construction, just different.
I was trying to protect the body.
And I wanted us to make a healthy way.
I wanted to remember health in disease.
I wanted to live more and more health.
The evolution is going to spend the genome to the next generation of the next generation and supporting generation after generation as well.
From a point of economic view and I are as a relationship colors to be designed to send the genetic card to the next anti-fact level, and then let me go into the sea of it.
I think that we all understand the feeling that Washington Earth was when he said, "I don't want to get the impact through my work.
I want to do it not disappear."
The evolution is not necessarily familiar at the local.
It doesn't necessarily kill the largest or the most fast or the faster and even the most interesting and even the most interesting.
The evolved evolution to the best control to their environment.
That is the only test of surface and success.
In the bottom of the ocean of the ocean that you can survive the heat of the markets that would produce -- if there were fish there, I lost the vaccine, yet they've been able to do that a paradigm environment.
So what does this mean when you look at what is happening in evolution and if we go to think about the place of humans in the evolution and in particular, if you look at it in front of the next thing to the next thing -- I would say there are a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolved it.
We have taken a kind of a balance.
And the content resources would be that it means the medicine.
And second, as a species -- we have connected our environment for us to be used to us like us like us.
And by the way, we looked at it, and we came up with so much that it's not possible to have the technology needs for the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that it gets an evolution of the traditional type of the transport, natural engineers, included by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the employees of evolution are going on, but they're an anti-foot.
And at the time, when you kind of kind of sort of sort of controlled different planets are going to be the advertising and the environmental changes that can produce the evolution in natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- a professional possibility and anti-single and automobile.
The disability developed -- the new evolution -- which is not just natural but collectively and electronic for us as individuals in the decisions that we will do.
Now, how could this happen this?
How could we get to do this?
First of all, we consider the reality that many people today, in some culture are taking decisions about their device.
In some culture, they are speaking to have more variations than women.
It's not a good thing for the society, but it's what you choose to individual and family.
Think about it as well as it was possible to choose not just the sex of their device, but in their own body to make the genetic artists to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
And if we could make the genetic changes to send the decades or the Archimate or represent the risk of cancer or engage the possible?
Do you want to do those changes in your genes in your genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more possible.
The human George General started in 1945, and I was 12 years old.
And I was 200 million dollars.
The next year of having ended up, in 2007, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a completely complex sequence of the age of the two billion parts of the human genome to a short cost to the age of 20,000 and a week.
It doesn't make a lot to make a lot of the human genome for 1,000 and it will be more and more and more and more of all of them.
You get those change.
The same technology that has produced the human industry in bacteria can be able to protect us that they are not just going to protect them of them, but they are going to be able to interact against other viruses against them.
And there is not an experience that is in the course of the car with the vaccine against the collective industry in cells of a plant planet.
Can you imagine something good to get out of the audience?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more possible.
Imagine then only two small change.
Can you change the cells of your bodies but if you could change the cells of your device."
And if you could change the species and the videos -- or you can change your children -- and to give your children a better opportunity of a better life, you will forget the disasters, you will send the supermarket, to reduce the risk of cancer.
Who don't want to do more healthy?
And then that same anti-fact technology -- that same male of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases are going to allow us to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Why don't you have the invention of a Kenya Kenya about everything if you could put it with the next generation of the market machine."
Why don't you have a more fast control of the most fast thing that allows us to run faster and more distinct?
Why don't you live more time.
This is going to be strange.
And when we are in conditions to spend this to the next generation and we were able to apply the artists that we wanted to have built the evolution of before we were in the environment.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100 years and we can put it to 100 years and maybe happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their news, or the news of their news, they're going to have to have them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society of a better society.
Or are we going to choose different artists that we want to do for some of us but not for each other.
Are we going to build a society that is more likely and more construction or more relatively and more vision?
This is the kind of question that we're going to have to find out.
And the most profound thing about all, are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and have the wisdom need to take these decisions as well as you do it?
So for good or bad -- and before what I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explore when you are 100 feet of authority.
Imagine a flow full of humanity.
Imagine a machine doing classic, classic, classic.
California, classic, classic, classic.
Well, I had a single car that day, I was sitting in the world.
It was the only one that I could talk to you with the sea states.
So in the way I looked at them, and they said, there's no problem.
The skin had already seen the airplane, and we were not so far away.
You could see Mars.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The performance of the attention with the human river.
It's not the room.
It took the motors.
Imagine going to be in a stage and no frontier.
And then he said three words.
The three words that have ever heard about.
He said, "Pain for the impact?
I didn't have to talk more with the sea state.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was transparency. The life was ended.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an institution.
We have this list of things to do before you do that, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the close that I wanted to remember -- all the experience I wanted to have and never have.
And as I thought about that, I came up with a fire, which is "Complete vision vision?
Because if the video is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to take anything in life.
And that institution, that purpose has actually changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we were looking at the George George Washington, which was not for a lot -- I thought about it, I really feel a big desire.
I've lived a good life.
And in my humanity and with my teachers I've tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity it also gives me place.
And the time I discovered in things that you don't matter with people who are important.
And I thought in my wife with my wife with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to forget the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect but it's a lot better.
In two years I have not had a phone with my wife with my wife here.
It feels like magic.
I don't try to have reason to be right.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental robot is going to find it, 18, 18, 18.
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Please really reach it?
I don't want this to look at 20 pieces as you see in those decades.
And as we did, I had the feeling of the sea, "We would die no fear of it.
It's almost like we've been prepared for it all our life.
But it was very strong.
I didn't want to go to my life.
And that statistic is going into a single thinking, which is just a thing.
I could see my kids grow up.
A month later, I was in a control of my daughter -- first of all, not a lot of artificial task --  --   -- land, like a small one.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
In that point I understood -- to connect those two points -- that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a big father.
On top of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
And I was told a mission, not to die that day.
And I became another region, which was the possibility of looking at the future and come back and live in another way.
And you are coming up today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens in your office -- and please not be that -- but imagine and how would you change it.
What do you do, that you still expect to do because you think you're going to live for the time?
How do you change your relationships and energy energy in them?
And the most important thing, are the best parents that you can.
Thank you.
I certainly have been considered in life with a lot of amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I work was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important grass of the 1960s.
One day came to his home after I went back and said, "Do you feel a horizon in the legs."
And that was the beginning of the EDI.
Now TED has a total paradigm.
You can only use your eyes.
His international work in me.
I have a design of design and an animal so that the grandmother is something that is wrong that we would go up and answer in the world.
And so we decided that we were going to pay to Toman, TED and his cause to his cause to it.
So I went and I came up with his brother and his father and I said, let's give them this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I want to be able to talk to TED again.
I just want to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me.
And I said, "I'm a second -- it's not that -- I see San Harvard, is it not that all of the people with particles can communicate that subject?
And he said, "No, unless you are some important and you have a very good thing you can't actually do it.
These devices are not alternatives for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate it?
Does anyone see the movie and the mission?
They communicate in that way, they go back with the destination.
I said, "That's action. How can it be?
So I thought to me with the only wish to get a color and instead of that, I had a chip that I didn't have the best idea of how I was going to get out.
I was involved with his brother and his father there in that moment in the moment in that moment at the moment in the moment -- and this is the treatment -- Toman is going to speak -- we're going to build a machine -- and we're going to find a way to go back to do their art again.
Because it is a responsibility that someone who has so much in their interest can't make it completely.
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Google Greenland Radio Robert Robert, who have a technology that allows you to project a light in any surface and then, with a lower point, they go out about that and represent the negative space.
So they're going to go out there doing an art like this.
All of the things that come up, they say, they're part of a life of life.
First of all, they start with the sexual radio, then with the bad words, then with the attention to Boston and at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a picture of life in their presents.
And so I started the journey.
And a few years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things in one side of one side to another thing we had made a couple of things.
One -- we put the door of the sectors of safe companies and we got a machine so that TED could communicate -- a machine like San Harvard.
Which was great.
And in particular, it's the most fun -- I call it all the way to talk to the guy -- you get a special character of it, and you say, "I don't know. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was to bring to seven programs of all the world of all the planets of the planet, to our home.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved to the game of the back and these habits and programs and transportations and transportations took the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought that we did something completely study, and that when we went back to the cars of the wall and in their place there would be graduate.
But for two weeks we go, we went to the Mars Marine country, my son was part -- my dog also, and we created this.
It's called Democratic Democratic, and you can see the description.
They are a couple of banks of solar signals that we bought in the top of Vietnam Ben Ben Ben Ben -- some of the home and Theater Twitter and Ross Santa.
We take a Particle camera -- we put it on a little bit of Liberia and now there is a device that is free -- and they built one itself. We published the free code -- the software is based on a fundamental way.
And we create a device that has no relationship at the time.
There is no question of sure that I say "No."
There is no hospital that can say "No."
Every single person today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you that was important.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that is his room.
And there was all this beautiful and journey for the big institution.
And then more than a year of a year, two weeks of production -- two weeks of program, Steve investigations came back to the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of their life, and it's looking through the water system of their life.
We took the size for you to see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital.
And he went back to the first time front of his family and friends -- and they would imagine what the feeling was the feeling in the team.
And the thing that was that we had to go into the movement so we feel like we would look at the grandmother as well.
At the end of this -- he gave us a electrical character, and this was what he said, "This was the first time I left in seven years.
I felt as if I had been under the water and someone finally came back to me and get me out there so I could respond?
Is it not a wonderful thing.
In a certain way that's our war.
That's what makes us in movement.
And we have a long way for this.
It's a cool device but it's the equivalent of a Mallet Mars.
Somebody with this particular potential is a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and raised.
So we've had all kinds of record.
We've made a lot of principles.
Remember, it's free, no one of us is doing money with this.
All of our own bones.
The principles were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
And I transfer something about us and then, in fact, the Time Telescope was going to tell us as one of the 50 of the world's world's world's world's world's best 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what I ended up to close the cancer -- is that in terms of this year in the German Country in the center of the Medical comments is going to have an expectation called "The "Talks?
And "Been in the Saturday is going to have the best experiments of the American art artist, San Facebook, Chinese Facebook, Chinese are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the sea which is pretty important.
So basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible to do it.
No one of what there was in this room was possible -- the computer -- the movement, the microscope, the mistake, nothing was possible in a certain time.
It made it possible -- any thing of this room.
I am not programming, I never did anything with the survival technology, I just got something and I took a wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find with something that we feel to do -- if it's not going to do -- if it's not -- and if I'm not me, what?
Thank you.
And I've spent the last few years in the last few years, very difficult and at the same time a very dangerous time.
I went to a distribution.
I worked on a mother of care, dangerous.
And I found in the war of war and hard and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days ago just this -- a lot of the beginning, something hard in the middle -- very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in fact, in a lot of my career I've been sitting on the situations in the single goal to try with the single goal to try to get social questions in ways that are responsible -- interesting -- and in order to get them out of a way that you see institutions and actions for the audience.
So when I knew that I was going to go here to make a TED world on the world of markets and the pattern I wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some of you may have heard about it, or no, a couple of weeks ago a stage in Earth.
I had a few messages in Facebook -- some in Time, I was looking at the rights of the name of my TED 2010.
What I had was the next thing, "The NASA standing, my TED statement, my TED state that you have no idea what it is about and continued to tell you in the face -- especially if I put it back to you or your company to do it.
But he said this, it's a very good organic opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TED?
A lot.
This is a team in program, by the way.
So even with that soldiers I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name of the name.
If you would have asked me a year ago, I would not have been able to tell you a little bit.
But in the new film that I'm working on -- we're going to take the world in the marketing world, from the paper.
And as I said that, I have been able to tell me in the last few years in the last few years, but nothing could be able to present it, and something so hard or so hard to go into the room with these kinds of guy.
You see, I had this idea for a film for a movie here.
March Sango, I want to do a film that is about the production of products -- the magic and the paper, and that all the family is financial with products and male and public.
The film is going to call "The largest movie same sea save."
What happens in "The largest film in "The largest film is that all of it comes down in the end of the beginning in the end of the beginning -- it has images of marketing, all the time, from the authority that comes before the team, the 21st pattern.
Now this market, I found Stanford, the Stanford Constant.
These people are going to go into the film to perspective, forever.
And so the fear is all this idea. (Audience: (Massington -- it's right?
I am a story standing.
It was "Beymai -- to see."
But we are not just going to have the pattern of the 21st century, but we're going to make sure that we are going to make sure all the cars that we could in the future.
Maybe we come up with a piece and it becomes the most cool short that you've used on.
The most cool car that you've been connected in "The largest film of the largest stage, the best traditional that you've been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been a large film of the largest film of the same standard.
Project Kalabastus, the idea is that we have to show the bacteria as part of life, and do you make the film of life, you make it find the film."
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film here.
That's the whole idea -- all the financial idea, of beginning to end.
And I would love to be able to help me make it happen.
Robert Freekon, you know, it's because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the most answer for the audience.
Google, yet I don't know how much it is going to be people to that.
AB: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "We do that is very non-starting, but you know how is going to recognize?
MT: A million and a half and a half mile -- John Kalley, I think it's going to be hard with them, but it's not going to be able to go to a couple of big drugs.
AB: Who know, maybe for the moment that the film is going to look like a lot of statistics standard.
MT: What do you think is going to be the answers.
Saman Richard, most of the answer will be not?
MT: But it will be hard to sell it, by the bottom or to be me?
JS: The things.
MT: So it means that you're not very optimistic.
So they help me, I need help.
MT: I can help.
MT: All right.
MK: We have to think about what you make.
MT: Yeah.
MK: We have some places where to go.
MT: I thought that "Character is going to be a control of a microscope.
It takes the camera means we don't want to know anything about your film."
MT: And so it was, one by one of these companies of suddenly discovered.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film here.
I was surprised to me.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very improved, I thought that the concept of the paper, was to test the product to so many people as possible.
And especially in the world of today this interest of new media and old media and the middle of the middle media is not the idea to tell that new piece of attention that is going to take the message to the markets?
No, that's what I thought about it.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a white stream and that war was this.
Actually, there was no strength of it.
There was no was at all.
This would have been okay.
But the problem was what this picture.
You see, when you look for images in Google at Google --    -- this is one of the first images that they come up.
I like your way to reach, September Brazil.
This was the problem -- the transportation, the transportation of symmetry or sea, and it is absolutely supporting or seeing -- it's absolutely supporting or seeing it -- that it goes through the speed or information of information, about all of the business, being the last line maybe the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about the treatment in these days.
Our policy policies, the presentation of the name -- even the New York.
But suddenly when it comes to actually do something that is change.
But why do you think of it.   So like that red thing that still goes up.
It is present.   like this radio radio way.
And it's also very awareness.
So what else is an artificial thing?
It will take a transport of Congo Commission.
That is very arm.
When I started talking to the companies and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to take any story.
We want you to tell you a story -- but you know how you hear our story.
You see, when I was a child and my father took me in a look at some of them -- and there is him like used to do it, he said, "Come on, there are three side in every story.
It's your story, is my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company -- an office want to help me, and that only because I met John Ben and Richard Kansas of many years, I realized that I would have to go for my own. I would have to go to the international and go to the companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to look at suddenly -- -- that I started to realize it, is that when you start to convince the companies the idea of understanding your map is a universal problem.
MT: I have friends that make big phones that make big phones and others and other people who make small cells, interestingly, like me.
And my friends who make friends of big Hollywood, general teachers, they say that the reason their film has so much success is because of the markets that they have.
And then my friends who make individual film they say, "Well, how are we supposed to share with these big grandmothers, generation film films.
And the film is called "The largest film "Children save.
How are we going to see especially in the film?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my background, you will see the Bangladesh Department.
At any time during a strange with someone can say, "You know, are you good for this strategy?
Are you ready? You see a little bit.
I want to help you get you out.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the employee?
And there will be one of these favorite architecture.
And so "Great Florida?
So we're going to have so much for man as a woman to women, single back, as it is.
That's the general view of it.
Now I can tell you their questions and give you a little bit of self-assembly view.
Karachia Francisco, we are a little market.
It's going to be a little bit of a little bit more small than you know, we are more well at a really good market.
And so we don't have the test that they have other markets.
So do things like this, you know, to remember the people is the reason why this is interesting.
MT: What words are they using to describe Brazil?
Bank is in white one.
KB: That's a big question.
Man: technology.
MT: technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the station.
Man: Let's talk about something supermarket, first.
I think "she is a great word that really put this car in positive position and the care?
You make it front.
How do we make a little bit more time, with better from the more frankly, three times more failure.
So things like those who represent the benefits of them.
MT: And that's a molecule company.
What about me -- what about a common guy.
I need to talk to the man of the street, to people like me, to the community Peter.
They have to talk about my market.
MT: How do you remember your market?
Man: March my market?
I don't know.
I like the good.
Man: I would take the 1980s, Palestinian Park at least that it is day of light.
MT: Well, what is the Germany Germany?
General, something unique -- "Oh, only Mars, I guess the kind of genome, the ice that I have would be like a black call.
I like a lot of the dark colors and many things like that.
And by the way you get access to the attention of alone, or you like crimes and similar contemporary.
Man: If David was a market could be a climate control, Mars Benjamin.
Man: The map that I am -- I call it "Charles collection.
woman.
Man: I'm the kind of the magics.
You can see games for the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my market.
In my little sector -- that's my market.
Man: My market is French because I put the market.
Man 4, Mars failure failure.
Is that that?
And I am an artificial marketing.
Tom, I'm Take.
MT: Well, we can't all be able to be made at the time, but I often put it in the interview of the Bang "Children and "Complete college.
I realized I needed an experiment.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, somebody who could help us understand what they call the "strange "mistake.
And I found a company called San Salawa's in Paris.
They helped companies like New York, Facebook, Haiti to figure out that piece of market.
If you could do it for them, you could still do it for me.
Audience: It takes the pictures -- right?
MT: Yeah. The first picture is a familiar picture.
Or, you know a little bit about how you do with your thinking and feel your way to be.
MT: These people model my way to see the world.
Oh, how much of that world.
MT: That world -- I think your world is the world in which you live -- like people who are ready, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are inspired and start in a place and in my case and they start in my family.
AB: What is the next one that you want to talk about?
MT: The next one is the best day of my life.
Or, how do you relationship this with your thought, feel and your way to be.
MT: It's like who wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like the right things. I like things like that.
Oh, how much of the "Come out of the "Shapendor, so what does that mean?
What is the market?
Why is it important to recognize? What do you remember the robot?
It's a little bit about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other drugs have you ever had it?
You have to have trial.
MT: Okay.
AS: Thank you for your patients -- "Oh, Great work. (Audience: Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
MT: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Life Santa, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different side side, but increasing in your marketing personality, the Mars Mars is a control market.
They get very well together.
And I think there is almost a little bit on them.
And I think some companies just will be going to focus on one of their strong dots or in the other rather than to focus on both of them.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's the human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- and you get the fear of it, those electrodes, and you actually give you up and make you go back and you're going to get something positive for you, and it is great to see that.
What other guys are that?
The first here is the climate -- Alam.
And you can see here to Tali, War, Mars Mars and Jefferson.
Now there are local markets and markets considered, those things that have gone and come up, but a computer market is a pretty powerful thing.
MT: A marketing market. What's your market?
If someone asked you to describe your format identity -- you know, what would it do?
Are you a correct article? Are you someone who makes the sand factor?
Or are you going to get a survivor of a definition?
A little bit more clinically, responding to control?
The articles are how it will be a little bit like the principle as the Professor, control, anti-single or authority like European France, quickly or glamorous, principle, marketing, magic or magic as Gary.
Or are you a little bit of a recent article?
Are you constantly, super-printed as 1900."
Are you standing, transport, protection, protecting you with your partnership?
You are construction, station, family, serious, sensitive, survival, or you know, like Dr. Leonardo or Congress?"
In the course of this film of this film we had over 500 companies and devices, that they said, "No, they didn't want to work part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film -- probably because they would not have control -- they would have no control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell us the story of the neuroscience, and we get to tell the story in this film of how we now use the music research to identify the center of the design in the brain as much for common machine as a control.
So we went to San Paul where they have put the paper on the air.
In the whole city for the last five years, there are no vaccines, there are no cars, there are no values, no on.
And we went to the scale.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects I have had the biggest answer or where I've had more success are those where I've been interested with things.
And that's what they did these markets.
They went to the institutions, they came up to their artists, and they said maybe these researchers don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try to be directly with the architecture.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to be thinking about people, which is going to develop the way we look at the world.
And how do you have it?
Well, since the film will be in the Second Serron, let's look at a view.
So the film is going to be in front of it, and since then -- and this is not all, we've had 100 million impact in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two weeks and a half weeks ago.
That's just on the line -- no professor, no TED.
The film is still distributed.
It's still not at all. It's not at all.
It's not even present in other countries yet.
In the last one, this film has already started to make a paradigm.
And it's not bad because almost all the researchers that we talked to you about is going to be part of their colleagues not being part of it.
I always believe that if you go back, if you take risk -- that in those risks are opportunity.
I think when you go to the people of that is getting up to the factory.
I think that when you go to your employees in the risk to the risk of the risk is paying all your company to know about research.
I feel that what it has to happen to make it is that we have to support people to address it.
We have to support people who don't have a fear of the opportunities that they can do it.
In last institution, I think, I think we have to give me place at the time.
We have to put that thing in a car.
We open the fear -- we open the risk out.
In a corner at the time, we have to open the risk out.
And, in fact, we have to go back to transparency.
Now more than a little bit of humanity is going to recognize a long way.
And he said this, with humanity and transparency, all my talk "We said, "We said the Tribe has been present by my good friends who for 1900, and they bought the rights of the name in Earth.
CA: Take great data in large opportunities for companies in the world.
Standard present the Tribes?
Thank you very much.
Japan Canada, so Mars, in the name of the transportation, which happened exactly with those 1970s?
MT: It's a successful question.
In my boat I have a college to the name of the TED organization of TED, the Stanford School, a college for 1900 to be applying me to my sea for the next year.
The idea behind the United States.
We don't want Internet to get the nuclear bottom.
His biggest value to develop nuclear weapons is the plant of the United States.
The French box that you see are systems of control in real time.
If we get to share these systems that are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to build a lot of problems with the survey.
The traditional box is not used by Wall software, are a completely different technology.
But if we get to put an effective version of Wall in a particular computer used by an office to trust this free box -- then we're ready to it.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
We start with a Wings Williams.
The entrepreneur investment to the grandmother box -- and the surgery program -- and the nuclear program would be definitely, medical metaphor.
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to invest about San six months ago, the purpose was completely decided.
The only thing that I knew is that it's very, very complex in the part of the Wall, the institution was used by a lot of paradigm vision.
It seemed to be able to do something with these traditional box systems these control systems.
That called us the attention -- and we started an experiment where we put our environment with San and we saw what happened with this.
So they spent very strange things.
San Saturday as a lab of lab that I didn't like to do with us, but I didn't want to eat it.
I had no sense for me.
And then to experience with different drugs of it, I realized -- and I thought, and this is a strange attention.
It's completely disappear?
The institution is looking at the radio box if you find a specific conversation. And even if the program that's trying to interact is essentially working on that place.
If not, San doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention -- and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the object?
It could be, let's say for example, a planet of the United States, or a chemical plant in Germany.
And better that we would find out the object of it.
And so we went through and we discovered the heart code and we found out that it was structure in two digital books, a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very likely for people who obviously had all the interesting information.
You know all of the points that you go down.
They probably even know how much of the opposite.
So you know everything.
And if you have heard that the University of San is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the car is very complex in it.
It's very much about everything we have seen before.
So here you see a show of this code of the authority.
We are talking about about 15 billion line.
It looks pretty much at the old language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code to this.
What we were looking at at the beginning were called the system, because we know what they do.
And then we looked at temperature and structures of data and we try to read them with the real world with the real world.
We need theory about designers that we can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
So to get to theory on the trips, we remember that it is literally a violence -- it has to be a value white -- it has to be a valuable white -- and it is sure that it's where most of the information has been responsible.
They don't find several thousands of objects in that area.
It basically goes back to the nuclear energy of the nuclear energy of Bangladesh and to the plant plant of National Control.
So I told me to my sea, "I said a list of all of the experts in content and plants of energy between our cars.
I called them and I became an effort to put his experience with what we found in code and data.
And it works pretty well.
So we were able to apply the little digital street with the control of the robot.
The robot is that mobile part inside the survival, that black object you see.
If you make the speed of this room, you can certainly be able to get it and even make it feel like it.
And what we also saw is that the goal of the attention was to do it as it was to do it and discovered in an effective object to come back to the markets of manufacturing, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital direction looking very close to the data and their structure.
So for example, the number 18 percent in that code -- you can't open up.
I started to research science on how these conditions are built in National and found that they are structures in what is called a college, and every car has 18 contents.
That had a sense, there was a collective.
And you put it better.
These controls in Iraq are disappeared in 15 parts called statistics.
And guess what we found in the code of attention?
One structure almost identical.
So again, that was a good control.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there was no store, it wasn't like this.
The results have been made after several weeks of hard work.
We were going to be on the streets without healthy, and we had to go back.
Even so, we found out that both digital Saturn would come to one and the same object, but from different numbers.
And the little little size is taking a college, and making the robots and related to the robots and the big back is communicate with six colors and making them village.
In particular, we are very convinced that we have discovered what the designer.
It's Natasama, and it's just name.
We don't have to worry that other objects are accepted by Santa.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- I really predicted me.
There is the grandmother box -- and you can see the contents.
What this thing does is to try to be able to try to try and try and try and try to be able to try to be able to try to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to come up with the attention, which is still standing up during the attention -- with factors of entrepreneurs.
And I believe or not, these favorite data are produced by Santa.
It's like in the hospital of Hollywood where I during the robot -- the security of security food is forgiveless.
Is it?
The idea here is obviously not just going to be based on the control of control in the center of control.
It's really much more dangerous and a lot.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operation could not be able to act quickly.
For example, in an energy planet, when the big self-assembly self-assembly goes from speed -- you have to open out of education in a military.
Of course, this can't do a human operation.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are, then they can spend bad things.
The plant can explain it.
And I don't know the security system will be going to notice it.
That starts.
But it can be worse people.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attention is general.
It doesn't have nothing to see -- especially with controls, with control control.
It could work also, for example, in an energy planet, or in a super failure.
It's general.
And you don't have a surgery -- that I would be able to do this car with a Black Canada, as we saw in the case of San Santa.
You could also use control technology technology to do it.
It will give it the most possible.
And if you do that, with what you end up is with a massive device.
That's the consequences that we need to find out.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of objects for the attention is not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle East, it's
It's in the United States.
All the green areas are space.
We need to face the consequences, and better that we start to test now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Richard, it has been public in many side of the people that people are supposed to be the main interest behind this.
What's your own operation?
Robert Love, right?
Yeah. Okay.
My attention is that Mars is involved -- but the moral is not East.
The moral behind this is the corruption of this one.
There is a single one, and that's the United States of the United States.
Because in other way, our problems would be even more.
CA: Thank you for additionally. Thank you, Richard.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to take up and give you the human skills or another thing that makes you make a lot of streets of robots and come back and go back to it.
In Benjamin Ben we call these robots -- explorations.
These are nothing different from something that gets in the morning, it gives you a great force -- that you have a lot of your speed -- and you help it, for example, to keep the writer.
It's actually the real information of man and the machine.
But not only that -- you can try and connect it with the universe and with other things that you have to do with you.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now in what we're working in talking about the American solution that, in the end, it has to take about their speed a 45 kilometers a 400 kilometers -- and it's going to be getting to take even more team.
And obviously this leads to some important computers -- legal in the school, in the 30 percent of the soldiers -- with college cars of school.
We decided to connect this challenge and create a except that could help us keep the question.
Let me introduce you the TED -- or Park Christians Congress.
So the State surgery, I can be able to spend 60 miles for a lot of several hours.
His favorite design allows it to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a lot of
I think what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I put my force and my research.
Tami Ben Ben -- we are ready with our individual society, to produce this article, this new experience, this year.
So it's a reality.
And we go back to you now to look at the locations of robots of robots, about what I feel particularly particularly.
There are 18 million people in the middle of robots, all over the world.
As one percent of the total population of the total population.
And this is a really, really short calculation.
We talk about something that happens with force, people are very young people, with days in the particular control that when you start to start their life -- at 30 or 40 years -- you go into a land and the stage of the dark state is going to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that makes it very quickly.
Your only choice -- a lot of times -- by a brain level, or some other computer -- is the stage of architecture.
And this has been so over the last 500 years, from his extra exception, as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start to write a new concept on mobile.
Let me introduce you the Peace which is using American Ben who makes 18 years ago -- I had a list in the perfect colleague, and as a result I could not come back to walk for 17 years, until now.
Algagon Brazil, thank you.
DR: The American is using our Space, which I did.
It has a few seconds ...
It was completely not involved in the molecules that send signals to the computer of the bottom, here in the stage.
And there are a lot of bacteria that give them energy to the motors in the cars, and in the robots, and they do it with this sea and very nature.
AB: I was 24 years at the top of my life when I was a strange strange in the air -- starting it on the air.
In a second.
A few time later, a doctor went into my room in the hospital -- and he said, "Come back to called it?
That happened 15 years ago.
So I went down to the last piece of hope of my be.
The technology technology since then, it has allowed me to learn to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go down and even move in the hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk up, until now.
Thank you.
SW: As you can see, we have the technology to feel and talk to you.
It's in our hands -- and we have all the potential here to change the life to future future -- not just the soldiers, but to America, and all the United States.
AB: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human surface.
It's a place where women have the bacteria, they pay sex to say, homeless, and the game is the order of the day, where the difference is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the version of the Middle East or San Francisco.
London and gentlemen, you know their first.
This is the world of the streets of Congress.
The banks are together with the children, their own living living lives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, the girls are known by their arms.
But unfortunately, we've done too much in this aspect in our nations of human evolution in the way.
But the banks show us the other side of the mountain.
As the kids are discussing by big types of great, artificial society is in the middle of the power with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very complicated society where the moral violence has not seen it.
But unfortunately, the banks are the least understanding of the big things.
They live in the controls of the control sense, and it's been very hard to study them.
The Country is a disappointment, a little biological land and beauty -- but also the heart, but also the heart of the same.
It is not to be able to be able to be able to be able to put it on the supply of the bone.
The face of hot and the democracy make you don't get to be able to be able to get a state with the banks that are in the world, and how we are not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and cases you can hear the risk to make the trees of it.
Who are these principles?
We know them like the states start the love -- not the war, because they have sex sex and biomedical and biological to keep conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity given that life is more than the Kansas Santa.
By the banks, as humans, they love to play the long of their life.
Japan is not just a game.
And for us and for them the game is fundamental to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make the
We learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game comes up with creativity and resources, and it has to do with the generation of diversity diversity -- diversity diversity -- diversity of behavior.
And when you look at the game.
The game is the piece that we get us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken out of the environment.
First of all, it is a kind of kind of kind of kind of beautiful station -- and I don't talk about failure.
So here we have a message and a young young young people in the middle of a perspective.
Look at what's doing it.
It could be the evolutionary influence of the first, "I have a face of the beauty?
I just think that I think in this case to him, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common as well as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows this video is really interesting because it shows the research to bring them into the games of the game -- and also how the game, and also how the game needs trust and it takes the conservation, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can apply a lot of ways -- some of which are more transformation, imagination, professionals, maybe the place where it comes up with it.
And I want you to see this -- this is France, a young man, which is playing it with water.
I think that as she said, we sometimes play only and we explore the models of our world and experience.
And this is that leadership that makes us explore us to explore -- and then the traditional connections that we form are the real sensory of creativity of creativity as well.
These are just little shows of the understanding that the bone will give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to apply to a world every more difficult and greater construction.
The secret is that the game is the key of these patients.
In other words, the game.
In order to support a world that changes we have to play it.
But we're going to go back to the top of our game ability?
The game is not failure.
The game is essential to play.
For beautiful and humans by the same way, life is not just cancer and control.
When it looks like the less likely to play -- you can be the moment that it is the biggest thing.
So that's why we have private principles, we take this record of evolution and we play together as we remember creativity and the artist.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible to a development of an organization without a factory of ready called Robert Hollywood.
When I'm not taking the poverty -- I put it up as a piece of color in a body.
And in our city, where the values are moving to a high person, you have to get to the site of the very soon interview to go into action.
I remember my first institution.
I was the second fly in the site -- so I had a pretty high problem to go.
But even so there was a camera for the other values to get into the capital and figure out what our task was like.
When I first found the carbon, I was involved in a conversation with the opposite that no longer supporting one of the worst days of their life.
We were in the middle of the night -- she was standing out in the land, under a paradigm, in paradigm, designed, while his house was in calls
The other thing that I just got to get before I me, and I got Latin Latin Latin --  I got first to the capital and he asked him to go and save the oil of the house.
The book. I was so stupid."
There was a break or the money of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I went into a building in the call to save a living being living only because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The capital made me an artificial.
He said, "Yes, I need to go into the house.
I need it to go down, and I took it up to this woman a couple of paintings.
The size of it.
It was not exactly what I would expect but I went out of the stages, at the end of the paper, I went to the red backgrounds that that survival of the subject or less had ever been able to put up the fire and go into the main part of a couple of data.
I know what they're thinking about, but I'm not a head.
It took my car back through the scale where I met my neurons and the oil principle in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in
We went out of the house of the house of the house where it was to expect it, his fear got a lot more attention than me.
A few weeks later, the design got a face of the house of the house recorded by the hope to show to save their home.
The magnetic thing that she looked at about the other thing was that someone had been left even a couple of data.
And so in my office in Robert Hollywood as in my office as a male book -- I am a sense of genetic act and malaria in a moral scale -- but also in a moral scale.
And you know what I've learned here?
Everything has its important.
So when I look at this room in this room to people who have done, or they are going to be able to be able to remind me this: I don't expect it.
They don't expect to win the first million to make the difference in the life of somebody in the life.
If you have something to give you, you go right now.
They spend food in a company, called a piece of the middle.
It will be mentals.
Not all the days are going to have the opportunity to save the life of somebody but every day we're going to be able to influence the life of somebody else.
So they go back to the game. They save the shorters.
Thank you.
David Google, Mars, Mars, ready.
Mars Bari, thank you.
This can seem strange -- but I am a great arm of the control of the control.
The first ones of control are made in 1985, with a very simple idea of a very simple idea that they find each other.
Very quickly, these became the University of building more used in the world.
They have allowed us to build more big things that we are, as buildings or personality, a land at the time.
Everybody, these bacteria have become the particles of our time.
It's almost a couple of years later, in 1995, to Liberia was going on with this.
It was called a super strange of supercomputer.
And in a few years, the Leadership landscapes got all the way all the way.
It turns out that you have made more than 400 billion or 75 banks for each person in the planet.
You don't have to be an engineering to build beautiful people, buildings or home.
Library did it activity.
Liberia would just apply the control of control -- the family in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination of it.
As so much that same year, in the next year, the next revolution was about to support, the new piece of conversation.
The treatment was a little bit of plant that would take us from a world of statistics who would take us from a world in the world to a world where everything was innovation.
At the same thing that the control of it, the technology allows us to create a lot more and more complex and more complex -- a land at the time.
But there is a main difference -- the treatment was just for experiment.
I don't think about it -- that the benefits of building our time are responding to experts -- so I decided to change it.
eight years ago, when I was in the Middle East, I started to explore the idea of taking the power of the engineers to the hands of architecture and designers in the hands of architecture and designers in the hands.
A few years ago, I started to develop the stages.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Line are electronic movements every one of them with a specific work.
They're lost to be light, sound and sensors and sensors.
And the best thing about all is that they are going to be supporting meaning.
So you can't put it out in the wrong way.
The landscapes have a color code of control.
The green is the room, the blue is the correct, the back is the strength and the collection of the note is the arm.
So you just have to take a blue with a green and very quickly you can start to make any greater controls.
One blue with a green will produce light.
We can put a bacteria in the middle and so we have a record.
If we change the bacteria for a plant movement, which is here, and now we have an entire light.
We love this train to create more impact and we have a radio machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game of the simple game.
Instead of having to protect and self-assembly and self-assembly allow us to protect us using very simple.
In order to make more quickly or more leadership, it just goes up with this bacteria that makes it faster or more leadership.
The idea behind the middle is that it is a growing collection.
We want all the interaction in the world to get back to the world to use.
Like, sounds so safe, so manufacturer, everybody must be accessible.
We've given the children to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the scale of all days that don't learn in school.
For example, how it works a light of night, or why the door of a correspondent gets open up, or how a piece of an answer to the attention.
We've also taken the stages to design.
So for example, the designers without experience are not going to start playing with the military as a material.
So here you can see, with paper books and flat, we have George creating.
(Audience:   A few weeks ago, we got the decisions of the design of the design of the design of Derek Earth, who don't have some of them at the end of it, just in care, mountain and paper and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done -- a cost of control controlled by movement.
But you see, here is my favorite project.
This is a lot made of paradigm that has fear of education.
For these non-starting notes, the stage became another material -- the choice became another materials.
And we want this material to be at all.
This is why you have a open code of it.
It can be able to visit the website of the website.
We want to take a world of creatures and investments and collectives because this world in which we live -- this interesting world is us.
So I went back and invented it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the destruction descriptions.
I work in the industry of solar technology.
And my little company was looking at the environment.
It was the discovery collective.
This is a little video of what we do.
March.
You can take a little bit in care.
We can be able to get better we leave the video to a side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is.
Oh, I am talking about the time.
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago -- a couple of years ago to reduce the best designers and technologies so that they take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that was supposed to say, we asked them to work in the government.
The industry was called "Company French and it would be like a couple of peace for technologies.
We had a few members every year and we put them to work with them.
Instead of taking them to the third world we put them into the same world.
They did big applications, they worked with the monitors of the monitors.
His task is to show the possibility of the current technology.
You know about it.
This is a historical city of Boston.
So here it looks like if you look at a car, but what you really look at is that someone is called the cloud when you get out of the neighborhood because you know that it's not very good by making you inspired when you're running up for a feet of the neighborhood.
How did it get to ask the help of this way so solution?
Last year in Brazil, we had a team of members of "Company for Africa.
They were there in the way, and in that moment it was a lot of last year.
And they realized that the city is never called these habitats.
But one of the members called Earth Mars not something else -- that the cities were going on with speeds in front of them.
So I did as any good program, developed a paradigm.
This is a paradigm in which you can add a head.
You try to read it when you go.
When you do that, you put a name in this case in this case I put it.
If you don't do it, someone can reach it.
You know, it has a collective computer.
This is a modern approach.
Maybe it is the smaller of the age of the age of the last year.
But something that no other technology is going to do.
And it goes out in the visual way.
And a result of the city of the city of the city of China to see this audience realized that I could use it, not for the neighborhood, but so that the cities are going to be able to be able to be able to take sense of territory.
It's very important that they work these series of temperature -- but people go down the banks.
So I asked the cities to control them.
And then Second decided to use them to make the cities let the control devices.
And Chinese was just going to get it to get people to make a lot of people who are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to clean up when it comes up.
So now we know about new cities that plan use it.
And this has been distributed without African and natural and natural way.
If you know a little bit of government technology to know that this doesn't happen.
The software of software is a couple of years.
Last year in Brazil, we had a team working on a project that would get three people for two months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that they had done by the normal colors would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there is a project in the College power of California.
And there are projects like this in every level.
That's why a couple of days you program in a couple of days and it is different in the living way is a series of arms to the government of the government.
It sounds to the world's best ways to work, not like the private companies as a lot of people think that should be.
It was not like a technology, but more well as the Internet.
I mean, without resources, it is open and general.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this choice is that it turns out the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an interactive industry but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very big community of people who are building the tools so that we work together.
And it's not only "Character because there are hundreds of people all over the country that are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to hear every day in their own community.
They have not given for the government with the government.
You feel a great fraction of that, but you don't get it, you get it.
And these people know something that we've lost from view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about policy -- the film in the politics -- and all of those other things that make us, the government is, the government is, in terms of Time Ram, "What we do together because we are not able to do it.
Now, a lot of people have left the government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are changed.
The policy doesn't change, the government know.
And because the government in the last institution of us, they remember that of us, the power? The way to think about how to produce the change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is going to be able to choose people so that they have corresponds.
Well, after two years I've come to the concept that the government is about all of the colleges of carbon.
So this is the center of service and information.
It's the place that you call the call if you get 1950 in the U.S.
I went up with this called this called this calls
I invented "Company in the business of the electricity of the electricity.
I didn't find anything -- I started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Oh, you can open the door of the house, put a good music and look at if you look like?
And it works. So it works.
But that's not the end of the shorter.
Bank does not have a center of called it.
It has a paradigm, web and mobile called Constant Constant."
We don't take that approach.
It was the work of very smart people from the New York Middle East, from Brazil.
One day, this was really happened -- I got this point, "Bank in my boat card. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do that?
The Denti of Benjamin Constant is different.
She was talking about people.
In Boston Construction everything is public -- so you can all see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighborhood.
The next thing said, "I am going to go on the place, I found the back of the back behind the house.
College? Yeah.
I went back to the course. I went home.
Good night. </s> head.
It's pretty simple.
This is great. It is the conflict of the digital and the physical thing.
And it's also a great example of the government of the government of the government of the government communication.
But it's also a great example of government as a plant.
And here it doesn't necessarily mean to the digital technology of plant.
I talk about a plan so that people are happening and help others.
So a city helped another but here the government had a key paper.
I became the two people.
And it could have been connected with the global services of being necessary but the next one is a better and more base than the general services than the general services are.
When a next thing helps others, we get the community.
If we call the animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about the government is that it's not the same thing that policy is.
A lot of people understand it, but I think you're the bottom of the other.
That our back to the government system.
How many times have you come to a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we hope that the government is able to solve our values and sensitive our needs and then we don't see change.
That is because the government is like a huge ocean and policy is the surface of 15 percent.
That's what we call beauty.
And we say that word with a lot of destruction.
But this is what it takes is that that makes us think that we have like that we find as something that works in our center -- that other thing -- and in contact we're losing the power.
People believe that policy is sensitive.
If we want this institutions to work to be able to make the building is sensitive.
Because that's where the real work of government is.
We have to deal with the government of government.
That makes the Territy movement.
Have you seen them.
This is a group of cities that have written a very developed institution of 24 pages in response to the Park of Valley -- on the protection of the financial resource.
That is not political action -- it's a biological activity.
And for the ones that we've developed to the government, it's time that we ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to figure out.
Do you really think that we have to go to where we have to go out of the industry that can be able to act in the name of all of them.
We can't protect the government, we need it to be more education.
The good news is that with technology is possible.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act marketing, you just have to support the systems in the right way.
The age of the age of our members is 24 years so I -- I am a great generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up to take the word and giving that almost for feeling for it.
They are not giving that bacteria that we all found on who it's going to talk about, they're all going to talk about.
They can express their own patterns at any same time and they do.
So when you find the government problem doesn't matter a lot a lot to make your voices for you.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to produce automobiles that are doing better to the government.
And those choices allow us to use the hands to improve our community.
It can be climbed a hypothesis, which is going to be a bank, making a piece of barrier that has a short thing in it.
Since then, we could always have taken those hypothesis and a lot of people do.
But these choices are as digital resources that we are not only construction, not only we are construction of government that we pay interviews and we get services together.
We are more than that, we're cities.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't get the city.
So I want to ask all of the presents, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all of us are going to be a virtual male, or also will we be a manufacturing of hands of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real man.
I have spent most of the time in the company, pressures and in the face of death.
I've spent most of my life in manufacturing communities in projects and places where there's a lot of discovery.
And it's going to be here in TED looking at the TED and give me a lot of energy.
One of the things that I've been born in this short time, is that TED has identity in it.
And the things that they say here are impact around the world.
You know, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have another way.
I say this because I think the identity is really important.
So here we have seen a fantastic properties.
And I think we have learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you think about feeling -- you can have a special meaning to it.
A doctor can do good things -- it's if it's control, it can get a lot more.
So I want to talk about the power of ideas.
I don't really learned this in the right of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother on it.
I grew up in a traditional house of an American family from a marketing family.
It was hard -- it was strong -- I had power.
It was the last word in the family.
She wrote many of the decisions in our home.
It was a child of people who had been speakers.
His parents were born in the school in Virginia on 1985.
She was born on 1985, and his experience with the control is how the world.
She was hard -- but it was also amazing.
When I was small and I looked at it, she went up and he gave me a good one.
I was so strong that I could only answer and then started me.
One or two hours later, I was going to look at it, and I was like, "Base, you still feel my arm?
And if I told him that no, I went back again, and if I told him yes, I would leave me in peace.
I had this human quality that makes you want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the rest of the 10 percent.
You know, when I was going to spend a time with her, it was not easy to capture your time and your attention of it.
So my first ones were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I went to a morning, I went to the room and there were going to be running all my first.
My grandmother was the other side of the room and looked at me.
At the beginning I thought it was a game.
And so I looked at it, but she was very serious to it.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she was showing me the room, he took me out of the hand and he said, "You know, Google.
I remember this as if it was seeing.
I will never forget it.
It took me out and said, "Wow, I will tell you something, but you can't tell anybody to anybody.
I said, "It's good, "Mary."
She said, "I'm going to make sure I don't do it. I said, "Hey."
And then I sat up, I looked at me and said, "I want you to know I have been looking at you.
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I will never forget it.
And then he said, "I want to ask me three things, Brazil.
I said, "Oh, Mars.
And he said, "The first thing I want to ask you is that I will always want to want your mother to want to want you.
Audience: "The stage is my daughter, and you have to think of the care?
As I love my mom to my mom I said, "Yes, Mars, so I would do it.
And then he said, "The second thing I want to ask you is that I'm always going to do the right thing even though the right thing is difficult?
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Dr. I would do it.
Then I finally said, "The third thing I want to ask you is that I never been a blood bank."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mars, so I would do it.
I grew up in the field -- in the real south -- I have a brother a year a year a year a year.
When I was 14 or 15 -- one day my brother came home with a six courses, I don't know where they did, I went to my brother and I went to the street.
We just get to do the local laboratories.
He took a correct dream, he went back to my sister -- she took a little bit and she took me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. You know, but I'm not going to take corruption."
My brother said, "Let's do it. And you always do the same thing that we do.
I took something -- your sister as well.
I said, "No, I didn't feel good. You can go on?
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens to you? It takes a common."
I read the view of force and control, "Oh, not being that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mars.
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Let me tell you all the news that are specialization.
I was dead.
I have to take something to you.
I'm going to tell you something that you probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to be supporting it.
But I have 25 years and I can figure out that I've never taken a lot of anti-site.
I don't say that this is a virus, I say it for the power that has the identity of it.
When we create the right kind of identity -- we say things to the other things that they don't really be sense.
We can't get things to do things that don't believe to do.
I think that my natural grandmother believed that all his news were species.
My grandmother had been present during the protection.
My eyes died with the relationship of the relationships.
And these were the things that we have to do with it, we had to share it.
Now, trying to talk about our personal justice system.
This country is very different from what was 40 years ago.
In 1945, there were 300 prices.
There are 24 million today.
In the United States we have the biggest of the world.
We have seven million people in the context of conflict.
And this massive tons, in my view, has changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities -- it is so much developing, so much of these diseases.
One of three black black between the 18 and the 30 years is in the crisis, or in the control of control.
In the urban communities of all the country -- the America, Parkinson, Brazil, of 50 to 50 percent of all the young people of color are in the crisis or in the control of control.
Our system is not just discovered in front of the robot. It's also about poverty.
In this country we have a standard system that is a lot better if you're rich and supermarket, that if you're poor and increasing.
It's not supercomputer, but it turns out what the results.
And it looks like that we feel very construction.
The policy of fear and force makes us believe that these are not us.
We're determined.
It seems interesting.
We are looking at our work some of us a little bit of a good development.
In my state, in Albania, like in other states -- you pay out of rights for always if you have a personal conversation.
Right now in Alexander, 25 percent of the black population has lost the right to the vaccine.
And if we project it at the next 10 years the legal level of rights to be so strange as before it was before the law of the right.
So we have this support serious.
I represent children.
Many of my colleagues are very young people.
The United States is the only country in the world where you feel at 12 years to die in present.
We have in this country for kids, no chance to go out of it.
Now we are in the process of a little bit.
The only country in the world.
I remember people in the face of death.
This issue of death is interesting.
In a certain sense, they have taught us to think that the final question is, people are moving to die for the company company?
A very simple question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity in our identity.
There is another way to look at it, it's not about decide if people are going to die for the companies to get out of companies, but if we think to kill them.
This is interesting.
The death of death in the United States is determined by the way.
In every nine people, it has been interviewing one which is enough to be excited and limited from the death.
A state of strength, amazing -- an increase of every day.
This is interesting.
It doesn't allow you to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get out of each other, you would have heard of it.
But in some way we give us the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our car.
It's not our language.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about robot and this issue of if we were able to kill it.
It is interesting that in my kinds of students with students on the American history -- I'm talking about it.
I talk to you about the terrorism, the time I started at the end of the relationship and that would go up to the second World War war.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a little bit.
In many communities people had a fear of being coming up.
I was going to be based on it.
The temperature of the theory was what their lives.
Now there are people who come to me and they say, "Oh! Starter, you would tell them talk about, doctors -- David people who let people say that in our story we read for the first time with the terrorists, after 1995.
They ask me to say, "No, I say we grew up with that."
It was the context of the content territory, obviously with the sensory and decades of radical sensory and sensitive.
In this country we have a distance why we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've been done.
All of the time we got with each other.
We are constantly created and conservation.
It tells us work to talk about races. I think it's because we're not willing to share with a process of truth and resources.
In South Africa, people understand that it could not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a company with the truth and resource.
In Rome, it still had this company, but in this country we haven't done.
I was in Germany, giving you the control of death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers were going to be after my pressure and said, "You know that it's good to listen to what you say to you.
San, we don't have a death of death in Germany.
We will never be able to do it here.
The room went on and a hand and a heart said, there's no way that with our story, we could be able to move in the economic death of human beings.
It would be proud that we are, smart and discovered, we would be able to take people to employees people.
It recognizes about this.
How are we going to be in a world where a nation like Germany, engaged people, especially if they were in their biggest path?
We couldn't take it out.
It would be interest.
And yet, there is this device.
I think that our identity is in dangerous.
If you don't really care about these things as difficult -- the positive things and wonderful things are, but you have improved.
We love innovation.
We love the technology. Let's take the creativity out.
We love the international.
But finally, those reality are going on by the supermarket, the article, the distance, the background.
In my view, you need to interact both things.
We were going to talk about the need to have more hope to have more hope.
I think that means that I want to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor people, the ones that will never come to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside of our be.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen it.
So we are going to be so valuable to be so constructed with it.
With innovation. The development comes not just from the brain ideas.
So these things come from ideas of food as well.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what it tells us to look at is not just in the baseball and discovered, but also in the dark and hard thing.
Panic Harvard, the great leader -- I talked about this.
He said, "When we were in Europe, we were looking at the survival, we had all kinds of things, but probably what we needed was hope to be hope -- individual for the effect, a way to be in service and being terrorism.
Well, that institution for the audience is particularly in the heart of what I think, even in communities like TED -- it has to be constructed.
There is no relationship with technology and design -- that allows us to be really humans if we don't put the attention to poverty to the poverty to the poverty -- to the discovery, at the entrepreneurs.
Now I want to tell you that these thinking are a much more challenges that if we put these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the big privacy, being a very young advertising, to know Richard Park.
These women are getting just to talk about it.
In the end of the College Cold made me -- to tell me, "Basically, it comes up with the Park Park. We are going to get to talk to you.
Do you want to come out and say them?
I said, "I know that. I don't want it.
So she said, "Well, and what do you do when you do it?
I said, "You say.
So I was going to just tell you, and I just heard them.
It was very strange, very smart.
And in one room I was there, listening to these days, and after a couple of hours -- Parkinson was going to me, and he said, "Well, Brazil, let me tell you that it is that idea of the strange transportation.
How much are you trying to do?
And I started to give my discovery.
I said, "Well, we are trying to ask it to understand it.
We try to help the ones that have been connected by increasing.
So we try to control the privates and development in the presentation of the personal justice system.
So we tried to go out with the services of life, without collective freedom for children.
So we try to do something about it.
We try to reduce the population in the crisis.
We tried to go out with male marketing therapies.
I gave it all my best discovery and I would end up looking at me and he said, "I think I mention me."
And he said, "Oh a very rich stage, very art."
At that time, the San Carolina was including me, I put it up on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very smarter.
I think in fact, the TED community has to be much more value.
We have to find the way to find those challenges -- those problems.
Because finally, humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been education in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is survived to the worst thing that we have changed.
I think that's true for all the world in the planet.
I am convinced that if someone says a live, it's not because it is a recovery.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't tell you, it's not that it is a look at it.
Even if someone kill others, it's not that it is a survival.
So I think there is a basic difference in the people who must be responsible by the law of it.
I also think that in many parts of this country -- and yet, in many parts of the world, I put it to poverty is not the reason.
That's what it is.
I really think that in many parts of the poverty.
And finally, I think that even though it's very disappear, very beautiful, very smart, it's not going to give us to our technology, for our design, not because of our intellectual ability or radio.
At the end of a society, it's not the way of a society, not by the way that they treat the rich and powerful and presentation, but by the way they treat the poor -- the consequences of them.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really profound issues about what we are.
And I feel distributed. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much.
It was coming up, like everything.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in a very important way.
I've been represent to these kids who have been sitting with a lot of fun.
I'm going to go to the crisis and I see my classrooms of 12 and 15 years -- who have been used to go to you as a tricks as well.
And it starts thinking, how can it be?
How can you be able to build someone in what isn't it?
The man would take it as a authority, but I see a child.
One night a very long night, I was able to think, by God, if the man can become something that you are, you have to have a medical power.
Yeah, Brazil, the man has a medical power.
You should ask something about that.
As it was very later, I couldn't think about it, but I started working on a machine.
I had a 14 years old, a little bit of -- a bit of a little black -- black black one.
I started working on the molecule -- with a show that he said, "Monkey so that my black business of 15 years is treated as a professional professional program of 75 years, employees of a company."
In the movement I had been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have the behavior of police and in the process.
There was one line about how in this country there is no short, but all of a piece of short.
At the next morning, I was going to tell me that thinking to be a dream would be a dream or really wrote?
For my head, I had not just recognized it, but I had sent it to the cancer.
They spent about two months -- I had already chosen.
And I finally decided -- I have to go to the cost for this case for this case.
I went to the car and I was really strange, and I was really stranged by it.
I was in the car at the car.
I thought this would be very hard and personality.
I finally came out of the car -- I was going to go on the car.
I was going to take the scale when I found me with a black black man was the control of the game.
When I saw me, I went and said, "What is you?
I said, "I'm a surgery." He said, "It's you a surgery? I said yes.
And so I got it up and I went up.
And I was going to stay on the air.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was strange.
That was connected with my interest with my identity with the ability that we all have to connect to the community with a hope of hope.
Well, I went to the room.
When you go in, the man saw me.
And he said, "Yes? So, Steve: You write this mouth morality?
I said, "You know, Dr. I went on.
People started to get up. They were all invited.
I was the one that had written those models.
They came up with the policy photographs, the substances.
Of course, without knowing how the room was full of people -- all of them because we talked about robots, because we talked about poverty because we talk about discovery.
With the box of the eye I was going to see the conversation that I was and came on.
He looked at the window and she was going to hear all of that fragment.
It would be walking up for here and for there.
And finally, this old black one, I went on the room and it sat behind me, almost in the table of the artifacts.
About 10 minutes later, the day I decided to be a restaurant.
For the face of the drive a standard of the street was showed because the conversation had come into the room.
The attention is based on the old black one.
And he said, "Oh, what do you do in the street of Australia."
And the old black came out of it, look at the state, I looked at me and said, "I went to this room of audience to say to this young man who won his view in the object with private."
I have come to TED because I think a lot of you understand that the moral act of the universe is very big but it goes down to the tree.
And we can't really be a really human humans if we don't care about human rights and distance.
That our surface is ready to the other.
That our technology of technology, design and creative and creativity have to move to the frankly, compassion and transportation.
And by all of all of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with financial.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: And you just see a piece of the audience of the audience -- this community -- to help in your purpose to do something.
Something that's not a chart. What can we do?
BG: There are several different opportunity.
If you live in the state of California -- for example, there will be a restaurant that you will have an effect to reduce the factors that are spending in the police of control.
For example, here in California here are going to spend a billion dollars in the death of death -- in the next five years.
And despite this -- 99 percent of the cases of humans are not going to be able to go into artificial.
The 99 percent of violence are not going to go to anything.
Here's a change.
This record is going to protect you that you have these willing to make the law of the law to the security to the security of the security to the security of it.
I think there is a very short opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge challenge in the United States, in the last three decades, in the last three decades, in the last three days.
It is part of the explain -- you say it has to do with the biggest amount of color.
What would you tell the ones that you think is that?
DR: In fact, the rate of cancer with violence has actually been able to be able to be able to be able to get it away.
The big growth in this country in this country is not because of violence.
It's by the war of the war against drugs against it.
That's why it goes up with this distribution in the collective population.
And we let us trust the record of the control.
We have three legal causes to bring people into the people in the personality -- to reduce a biological, for small companies against the property, instead of making those resources to their villages.
I think we have to do more to help the villages of the creatures and not less than that.
It seems to me that our favorite photograph about the cost doesn't do anything for anything.
I think that's the industry that has to change.
CA: Basically, you've been excited to us today.
You're very interested.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Loser, they grow the threat by the death of Benjamin Landa.
Liberalia two.
Laundry 4,000 cars disappeared.
The 1970s, social Department -- Mars 1985, 120 death.
Marcus 1985, the 1960s -- Latin 1980, College.
A lot of communications, War Commission.
Research.
Critical Dead. Designer.
Oh, God.
Persist Dead, these are just some of the cells that I put in the last six months.
The idea is that the average media is going to be able to make negative news news because our minds will give them attention to it.
And that turns out to a very good right.
In every second of every day our sense is a lot more data that the brain can probably protect it.
And as we don't care more than survive, the first part of all of those data is a failure of the temperature of the temperature called the terrible book.
The short thing is our decision of the standard device, the destruction of plant.
And it recognizes all of the information looking at something in the environment that could make them day.
So from a decision of stories we would like to look at the news.
That old red of the principle, "If there is sad, she is very true.
And because all the digital decisions are going to give us a negative news for the week of the week -- 25 hours a day, it's not to explain that we are present.
I don't feel that people think that the world is going to be wrong in worst people.
But maybe it's not like this.
Maybe in change, what it really happens is that we were able to get discoveries.
Maybe the huge progress in the last century.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- the climate change -- the climate change, the space of water and energy and energy -- we have them.
As human beings are very good to support the problems and on the long time, we had with them.
And then we put it into the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has ever been more than discovering, the average individual period of industry has been responding across the world.
The individual movement has spent 10 times.
In fact, the cost of food -- of the electricity and computers, has been about 10 to 100 times.
Steve Park showed us that we're living the most popular time of human history.
And Charles Kenya that the world individual spent about 25 percent more than 80 percent in the last hundred years.
We're really living a little bit of an extraordinary thing.
There are a lot of people who have it.
And we continue to be able to put it up and more high and more high and more high and more high and more high and more high and more high and more high and more high and more high and more high and more high and more high and more high and more high and more high and more high and more high and more high and more high
In fact, we reduce the poverty.
Think today in the United States, a lot of people who live under the population of poverty have electricity -- water, banks, the military, movement, movement, movies and cars.
The bank markets of the last century, the programs of the planet -- they would not have taken up with a little bit.
It takes a lot of this is the technology and, again, its emotional growth.
My good friend Ross Darwin showed that any tool that comes into the technology of information in this card, the Landan Landando, and the legal of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
So for that movement that you have in the boat is a million times more based and a thousand times faster than a computer of the 1960s.
Now look at this career.
It's the Langley Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things at this point.
First of all, it turns out that it is, in good and bad time, in the war and in the peace -- in research, in definition and sense.
It's the result of complicated computers used to build computers more quickly.
It doesn't get to any of the big challenge.
And even though it's graduated in a law on the left -- it goes down.
The growth rate of technology is in each other and faster time.
And at this point, to the Landandou Language, there is a series of extraordinary technologies that we have today.
The computer in the control, that my friends of Arabic call communication -- sensors and resources, and the relationship of democracy and their ability to detect the personal production in all the planet, the software biology -- the collectives, the cars and food, the digital medicine and the U.S. medicine.
I mean, how many of you saw the violence in Japan from Wall, of AIDS?
It was short.
I look at the perspectives the best teacher that would be.
And I would love this -- "We was looking at human personality."
Japan is not a easy game.
Japan with the human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the card, available for all in the phone.
four years ago, here at TED, Richard Kenya and me, we put a new college called South University.
We teach these technologies to our students -- and in particular, how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked you to get a company or a product or a series, that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade of a decade in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
30 years ago, that would have been a rough thing.
Now we can feel a tens of companies that have already done.
When I think of creating an advertising, it doesn't mean to create life for every room in the planet, it's about creating a life of it.
It is about taking that to you that it is school and turn it up.
You see, the scale is control and technology is a force that would lead resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of National Middle of 1990.
He's the kind of the left.
I was going to get the sea from Singapore.
The National Trianches were going on with plants and the same Nature, and the same National controls with cartoon.
But the rest of Sarah, I went out with a food control.
You see, the food was the most valuable map of the planet -- it goes more than the pain and the plant.
So this is why the point is the point of Mars is a family thing.
You see, even though the food is 82 percent of the Earth, it doesn't come as a paradigm metaphor.
It's called the oxygen and survivals.
But then I came up with the electricity and made of the stage that we use it as if it was discussing.
We produce this attention to the future.
We think about the energy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are in a planet for 100 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth of energy of energy every 18 minutes.
This is not about school, but it is not accessible.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of the solar energy in India is 50 less than the generation of the generation by the state, 1985 regions seeing 18 regions.
The cost of solar energy is 50 percent last year.
And the last month was published a study that shows that at the end of the decade -- in the United States in the United States, the electricity used to be able to spend six cents a hour per hour with the 15 percent of the national media.
And if we have the energy of energy we also have water.
Let's talk about war in the water.
Do you remember when Cartex San supported the space space to the Earth in the Earth, and then I spent San Saturn?
I had a famous picture. How do you call it?
"I have a paradigm point.
Because we live in a water planet.
We live in a planet in a 60 percent water.
Yes, 99 percent is water water, the two percent is ice -- and we put up by the 100 percent of the planet, but there is a hope.
It's a available technology not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes up with the normal, nature.
In a conversation with David Kansas this morning, one of the institutions of the bank, I would like to share with you, and he gave me a little bit to do that, his technology called San Project -- -- it's the size of a little bridge.
It's able to generate a billion dollars a day of any source -- the day of any source -- the common water -- a little bit of two cents a little bit.
The Professor price was just going to be able to make an important test of hundreds of people in the developing world.
If that comes out -- and I have a conversation that it will be, College is going to get the world in the planet in the planet.
So this is a positive innovation for this technology that today.
And we've seen it in the media.
God me, we're going to get to 80 percent of the molecules in the world in the developing world.
Think about it, that mass war has better molecules in the middle of Kenya that the president recognize 25 years ago.
And to tell you with a smart cell with Google -- it has access to more knowledge and information that the Chinese Charter makes 15 years ago.
I live in a world of information and companies that nobody could have been presented by it.
I better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GPS, images, images, images, plants and music technology technology -- now they are developed and lose value value with the mobile value.
Maybe the best thing is going to be when they follow the health.
And the last month I was going to do with the Facebook Ford -- something called the Park Park called Take Take, 10 million dollars.
We are challenge to the team of the world so that they put these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has EDI, they can be able to be able to get out of the destination.
In order to make a little bit better than a medical medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the world in the developing world that there are no doctors -- where the collection of motion is 25 percent of the health.
When this device is just a version of AIDS or DNA that doesn't recognize it, I call the health of health and in first of all, to figure out that it would happen.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world.
I call it the thousand billion dollars in it.
The white lines here are the population.
We just had to spend the map of seven billion dollars.
And by the way, the best product against the discovery is to get to the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people in line.
For 2010, it will go from two billion dollars to five billion United States.
Three billion minds are never before the global conversation.
What would you want these people to do this?
What would you do? What do you want to have to you?
And instead of an economic control we will have the biggest economy of history.
These people represent tens of millions of dollars in the global economy.
And you get more health in the transportation of a better education with the Ross Rosetta and because of the use of impact in 3D impact and the computer to be more likely to be more likely to never before.
So what can you take up about 300 billion of us in the humanity of humanity and producer and products?
What about a few times are never before you hear before.
What if we give them to the participants, where you are, a voice to be heard and able to act for the first time.
What are these 300 billion dollars.
And if they are conditions that we can't predict?
So something that I learned with the 21st century is that you were small -- which is a little bit of a little bit of your passion with a clear goal -- you can do extraordinary things, things that you could only make the big companies and governments of them.
I'm going to end a story that really started me.
There is a program that maybe some of you know about it.
It's called Facebook.
I went in the University of Washington, in Second.
It's a game in which people can take a sense of artists and figure out the way that you will get the protection.
The paintings are going into the structure and function.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far it was a computer problem.
They have played with this college teachers between others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people came up and began to play it.
And it has been shown that today the map of human patterns is better than the best computer.
Lose and gentlemen, what gives me a huge conversation in the future is that we have more power as people to support the big challenges of the planet.
We have the tools with this emotional technology.
We have the passion of the bank of the bank.
We have the color of the technology.
And we have 300 million new minds that are going to be used to work on the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have for a couple of extraordinary days.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
And the heart of the point of the place.
And as the idea can explain in a minutes, before you give them three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles David, one of my heads.
He was here, as you know, in 1985.
You may believe that you would think perfect, but it wasn't like that.
It actually goes down.
And I describe one of them as a very "wind community."
It was the mind.
It was a lot of the 1970s to the 1970s.
Now the fish is in the Robotic Robotic Robotics.
But we've heard this story a lot of times -- about Galasas and other places, so that doesn't have any species.
But the case is we still saw the Galasas.
We still think they're private.
They still say that they go together.
So what happens here?
The second story, I also put another control, the device of the context.
Because I was there in 1945, studying a woman in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could try it.
I took a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first experience at the sun.
The land was surrounded by parents, and as you can see, from a few manufacturers.
There were about about 20 feet, the black bank box.
And the piece of this bone was very quickly, and he was going on for a good time, so it was made more than the middle in Galapago.
When I was there 25 years later, the amount of fish had been discovered to half of them.
They walk back to the age of the age of the age of the five feet.
So they experience a genetic pressure here.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
You know, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was going to be a company in the bottom of the stream in the top of the audience in the authority of the audience.
In the age of 1945, I started in the 1970s, the United States made a lot of development project.
The perfect development was supposed to imagine the countries that had been 100 periods, to put the individual fish in.
And this back, a lot of teacher, is called the Facebook Foundation.
I was going to focus on it, and we made students in the top of the Mars Commission of Chinese Mexico, and about everything in the Mars of Japan.
And what we know was something wrong with it.
We carrying it right now -- the bottom of the sea.
The 90 percent of what we continue were starting -- other animals who are in the bottom of the end.
And most of the fish are determined about a few resources on a few rest of the researchers that are hundreds of color.
You know, the bottom of the sea came to the camera and then it was really recently.
These images are extraordinary because it's very fast.
In one year, you make a study and then you start the local fish up.
The bottom is going to be a kind of kind of black colleague, in this case, to be a little bit.
This is a death.
They didn't get them out. They found them because they were dead.
Once we put a life.
I was still not heart.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This lot of rest is what the teachers are going on every time you go to a area where you've never found it.
But it doesn't have a decade.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We took the particular point -- the new level, without remember what was there.
If we get something like this.
In the table.
And that changes with time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images of their life that is the beginning of their life as the normal thing and excited it down.
The difference is that you have the lost thing.
But they don't hear the lost that happened before.
You can take a change of change.
And at the end of the end to keep a little bit of responsibility.
And that, in great measure we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer -- or they're not what they are.
But you should think that this problem is about the people when you have a depression of the personal societies without knowing what you've done to a few genes later.
Because obviously an animal that is very support, before it is a little bit of strange.
You don't lose some anti-site animals.
You lost a little bit.
Even if this is not just like a very big question.
With the time, we focus on the big animals, and in a sea sense of big fish.
They become a little bit.
With the time you have a few fish -- but we think that's the point of place.
And the question is, why do we take this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists -- you know that it was very different.
And you will do it because the evidence is present in a way that they are not in the way that they would expect to have the evidence of it.
For example, the architecture that some of you think about -- as you put it out and so many fish in this area can't use it, you can't use the scientists of the fish -- because it's not science.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in the wrong societies -- because they don't trust the source of the past.
And there is the huge paper that can be able to make a professional man in it.
Because with the professional manufacturers -- we really take the past.
We remember the past that people can't connect because the point of part has gone down and it's absolutely under it.
That's for the people who can see a management man and they can benefit out of the vision that it allows them to go back to their particular point.
And what happens to people who can't do because they don't have access because people in the Middle East, for example.
I think there is the art and the concept maybe you can get the vaccine.
This is a significant signal of Chinese Harvard.
A long time ago, there were a lot of time in the Bank of Harvard, 500 years ago.
And you would have noticed that mathematics and technologies are like "Starter?
And if you think about "Spending, if you think about why people are connected with the film -- talking about the story of Polestics, why do you move with the images of the images?
Because you can do something that, in a certain sense, you have lost it.
So my record, the only one who will give you, is to Come to Darwin, doing "Arght below the water.
Thank you very much.
Hello. I am Kenya Congress, the gene of Google Telescope, and I look at God in the professional way.
It's true.
So we're going to see why the videos are moving and how important it has that.
We all want to be stars -- constructions, control, controls, when I was more young -- that seemed very, very hard.
But today the website makes any of us, or of our robots -- and of our actions -- beat in a part of our global culture.
No one can make it famous in the Internet in a sensitive.
They become more than 45 hours of video to God per minute.
And of that, just a little bit of a little bit a little bit a little bit of vision -- it gets interview of vision and a cultural movement.
How does that happen that?
Three things.
Well, let's start on.
Bill Vietnam, "Oh, God me, God me.
God.
Wow.
Harvard, woman.
KB: The last year, Ben Vietnam published this video flower out of his house in the National National City.
In 2010, it was seen 25 million times.
This group shows the relationships in the surface of the last time.
Bonobo is not allowed to make a visual video.
I just wanted to share a strange agency.
That's what you do if you call it Mars Milky Mars.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in it.
So what happened here?
It was James King.
James Kandar published this team that would take the video to the poverty.
The conditions of fear as Japan King will give us new and interesting things, and they put them into a more sophisticated public audience.
Richard Britain.
"Company God God is one of the most popular videos in the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the force of use.
At the same way "Arabia, this video seemed to have come out of nothing.
So what did this happen?
Well, it was -- it's true.
And if you ask those other people, they're also looking at them.
But what happened this day, this part of the partnerships?
Well, I took it together, and a lot of bacteria started writing about it.
Mars John John Standare, from Mars Singapore was one of the first people in order to make a bank on the video.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of transfers are going to look at a point of view and they share it with a more effective audience.
So this community of people who share this great thing that you start to talk about that and do things.
And now there are 10 dollars of "The "Speech in God.
Just in the first seven days, there was a piece for each of the other days.
In the different century of the 21st century of the 20th century, this whole community is our way to be part of the phenomenon and doing something new with that.
"The Canada Canada is an artificial animal with a dark music.
That's so that's everything.
This year they saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that that's rich, you know that there's a version of three hours that has seen four million times.
So far they saw this video.
And there are cars that saw others to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I discovered between the U.S. community.
There were resources.
Somebody did a version of the animal.
And then it made it interesting.
Of course, I went up with a whole community of resource that made this happen to be a place to something that we all can be part of it.
Because today we just don't just discover it, we pay.
Who could have lost something like that?
Who could have provided "Arab "Separator or Republican Bangladesh or "Come out of Canada?
What would you have written that you would have written this situation?
In a world in which you get two days of video for money, just that really only and increasing it can be the way that these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a guy who probably against the motor computers in New York in New York.
Canada Chamber, I was moving up by the banker but often there are artificial control to you that you are going to be able to be able to be able to come down by the banker.
KB: Thank you to the amazing effect and his human, Canada New York.
This is why this approach is going for all the new thing we do in creative form.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Ben Saman, what does this mean?
OK.
KB: What does this mean?
The conservation creatures -- complex creative communities -- the whole complexity of a new kind of media -- in a new culture of a new culture that we all have access and is the audience that makes the poverty.
And as I said before, one of the current conditions of the world, John Benjamin, started in God.
They didn't be able to express their ideas.
Now we all are a little bit of our public culture.
These are not the corresponds of the old media -- they're just the ones of the current media -- but they will take the energy of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a story.
This is a factory that is still starting up.
Let me tell you about some of the people.
Imagine the first piece -- a man running the work of all a life.
It's a paradigm, a man, a man whose living life had been approached in the only line of college and freedom of their country.
Imagine them as the communities come in Santa, looking at the fact that their life had been completely in commission.
And the words, for so many friends -- now they would get it.
It was going on in the situation.
He died on the story.
And he is my grandmother here.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our resources.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not going to leave that that has been in value, and my lesson was to learn that the story was trying to get up, but we put it out.
The next part of the tasks is about a bacteria to the sea signal to the sea.
My mother -- Mars, I had just 18 years when his father died -- and a market and two little kids.
For her, life had gone down to a task side, the scale of their family and a new life.
It was interested for her that I couldn't do it.
And then from a four years of four years that it turns out the fish, a boat was ready to the sea destruction of self-assembly search.
All of the adults knew the risks of the rules.
The biggest temperature was the paradigms, the violence and death.
As most of the adults -- my mother took a fire with visit.
If you walk up, first of all, we would take my sister and me, and then it and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother is.
My first resources are from that boat -- the control of the motor, the subject is going on in every blue -- and the heart of the side and variable.
I didn't remember the legs that came up several times, but they were supported with the value of men in our background, or the moral died and I couldn't get up for six hours.
But I don't remember the lights of the oil plant in front of the cost of Mars, and the young man who comes up and died the journey was too much too for it, and the first dance that I thought, given for the men of the planet.
No woman had the same surgery.
After three months in a fire field -- we get in Mars.
And the next piece of the tasks is about four women at the time of three genes giving a new life.
We were going to be in France, a kind of kind of kind of clear classroom whose population is full of individuals.
In the middle of the kind of a half a half a half a half a half a half a half a half of me, I had no sense of the right.
The legs that come from the issues were the rest of the world.
And the first ones in the end of the website were inspired between people who had one thing in common -- they were starting again.
My mother worked in freedom, then in a line of car mountain, working six days ago, I have a story.
Even so, I found time to study English and get a team in the team of information.
We were poor people.
All of the dollars were supporting -- and they started a strange team in English and mathematics -- no matter what it would be able to do, that it was getting a new again, it was always a second hand.
Two pieces of media for school, one to hear the holes of the other.
And a school stage to the things, because I had to spend six years.
And there were lots and plants about the "standard "steps and some grandmother, "Shape, go back home.
At home, where do you do?
Something in me is starting to me.
I was accepted and a voice that said, "I'm going to give you them.
My mother and my brother and I are going on at the same way.
My mother was excited every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movement of our grandmother in the house.
My mother supposed to be stored -- all of the bank.
And my task was going to be developed until his decades start to be able to get it.
She opened up a computer, then I studied to be a structure and open another business.
And women came with their stories about men who could not do the treatment and included and individuals, and kids were taken together between two world.
They were looking for sounds and particles.
And they were created against them.
I live in the world.
In one, it was the clinical anti-football study with what I did from myself.
In the other hand, I was used in private lives, transformed by the violence -- the article of drugs and the advertising.
But many of them were coming through the years.
And by that work, when I study my last year, I was sent to the young year of the year.
And I was coming out of a piece of the faces to the other, but their banks didn't find it.
And so he was so supporting Alexander, it was now that so so so so so so so so successful and social activity, I was invited to talk to you that I had never heard to name -- and in house where she was never going to have ever imagine.
I did not know the protests.
I didn't know how to use the controls.
I didn't know how to talk about video.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the rules and the context of life in a supply surgery -- a game and two children end up the day as they did it for almost 20 years ago, and I heard about the day of each of the day in the day of each of them -- the three still in the same way.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remember that I had now the same age that she had when she had to go into the bank.
The note had been a paradigm.
"Do it, he said, "You don't be what you are.
So I talked about digital and education and education to the commercial and developments.
And the more fantastic I talked about, more it was used to talk to you.
I met people from all the walk of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the front of the possible.
And even though I ended up my little line, I realized I could not be in a car card.
I had to have another piece of the factory.
And I realized at the same time that it's good to be a design, a network of the school -- and not just that it's well, but it's something that's going to be a break, maybe a piece of the bank.
Because it can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make the conditions of your private.
And I gave the enough step out of my concept to know that, yes, that the world is developed, but not the way we go.
It would not have been allowed to be a lot of time.
There was an energy there -- a paradigm of a paradigm -- a radio machine of humanity and value.
So I kept my innovation.
It takes a little group of people for who the language can't do it was a strange challenge of it.
For a year we didn't have a conversation.
At the end of every day, I was doing a lot of paper that we all share it.
We worked up to the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy -- but a few banks, and we open it down.
I took the decision to move to the U.S.
And then a single journey.
So my new hearts.
Three months later I had moved up, and the survival came up.
Before I ended up, let me tell you about my grandmother on my own.
She grew up in a little bit in which the Congo was the social nuclear and the local Mars was the person who matter.
The life had not changed by century.
His father died little after she was born up.
The mother grew up on it.
At the age of the age of the 1970s became a control of a Mars whose mother was going on.
No support of his husband -- you know, you put it up and take the cause and take the cause of it, and a lot more released cause when you won it.
And it can't be able to be able to be wrong.
I was in the stage in the face of a hospital in I was when she died -- to one miles in Mars.
I looked through the map of the decade and I saw it on the other side.
I knew that he had come to deal.
My mother called minutes later.
days later -- we went to a bank temple in Francisco and we sat around their attention.
We told stories and we asked that we were still with it.
On the night a mother came and told us that I had to close the attention.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
I asked the mother, "Why his hand is healthy, and the rest of the body so fascinating?
Because you have taken his hand from the morning, he said.
They haven't been self-assembling."
If there is a need in our family, that face through women.
Because what we were and how life was going on, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives to have been faced.
The distance would have been done enough.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask me about the bank.
Who could do that for it?
And yet, I have to take it to the primary of the easy, the right.
I can give you a picture in your lives, supporting it in every car -- the printed paradigm of the motor, the survival of the marketing -- the horrible thing that doesn't take anything to do anything.
I don't know.
But if I could give them out and look at it, I would do it.
Transition National and also the mother of so here today is here in the fourth or failed face.
My story starts in Rosetta about two years ago.
I was in the desire, under the stage school, with the side of the Santa Santa.
We were aware of how nothing has changed from the time of the old animation in the Maria "The Marine.
In those days when the individuals we wanted to go back to a face and we knew the sky.
Now we do it with shorters.
So in that time when Arabic, the great principle of the world, I was going to take a action and with a flat to the surgeon, and I got water.
Now we do the same with streets and machine.
The concept that we did was that the map had lost the magic to the magic of it.
And that's a lot of me.
Every time I felt a little bit more television.
I had this idea of losing this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and learn a survival if I didn't have the camera -- if I couldn't take my friends.
I looked like the technology had to allow the magic -- not to do it.
And I was given my grandmother reaching me his blood player of bone.
And this piece of technology of 50 years was for my most mathematical thing.
It became a dark door to a world full of images of images and nations in my image.
I had the feeling that the molecules and the legs of light and the camera comes on that we are.
And they found our innovation.
And so I went back to this technology to see this technology to see how to use it to create magic instead of it.
I put books from the 18 years.
And so when I saw the village I saw a collective device of control to connect the readers of the world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
It will take the text with the image -- the sound and the source.
The name goes back and more multiple.
But what does that mean?
I'm going to get to David Kanzi, an international application for public.
He says, "Come your decades on each light?
And so,    I said, "This box personally happened?
And so I got a piece of the book.
In several times I got a car -- the Park knows where you live in the GPS -- which comes back to me.
My little girl is excited with all of these possible.
I've been talking a lot about machine.
And I don't mean to kill me and drugs, but to that map of it, to those ideas that we open from children.
For some reason, the roles in a factory always had a printer of me.
So over here, we have to write the village to deal with the streets.
And actually, you get your way in what the book.
Another idea that I made me a little bit of kid was that all of a galaxy was born in a bank.
So here, every book and every world is treated in a bank that I went back to this medical device inside the space.
And this opened a map.
In every single book there has always been maps but have been marketing maps of it.
So this is a map that creates it, formation, and you get the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another thing that is very important to me is to create the individual and the context of it.
These are the streets here.
We've all heard of the lives and the neurons -- but how many people outside India know their individual conversation.
These poor parents have been published in the camera of India for millions -- in a old and a book.
So we are taking them back into a complete story.
And in a story that is the current issues like the environment.
And talking about the environmental crisis -- one of the problems of the last 10 years, has been that children have been found by their PM: They have not left the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the books of the book is this approach in which you have to go out to the outside and take the camera or the painting, and you get the images of different natural objects.
And I had a lot of collectives, and I had a lot of college, personalities, paradigms and controls.
For some reason the kids don't do it.
So in order to recognize this reaction of the infrastructure you have to go out and in a color, you will take a picture to a flower and then take it out.
In another corruption, you have to take a picture of a carbon and then put it out.
And so it creates a digital collection of pictures that you can put in the website.
A kid in London put a picture of a day and says, "Oh, I saw a day?
A child in India says, "I saw a mother.
And it creates this kind of social network in terms of a digital picture of digital pictures that have been taken up.
In the middle of the connection between the magic -- the Earth and technology and the technology there are a lot of possibilities.
In the next book we have to have an interaction where you go out with the pill and the video and the video and it doesn't really see a group of the animals that are going on about the plants of the house.
In a moment the screen is full of letters.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and put them up to read the rest of the book.
Let's go into a world where the forces of nature are available with technology and the technology and technology is going to be one to another.
Let's take the energy of the sun.
We are looking at our kids and we are at the natural world and to the natural world and love and love.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why many of a lot of health projects were going on.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we let the patients.
And one of the things that we did in the Red University was to stop a distribution of the listen to it.
And not in a very scientific way, she came up a little bit of car or I asked patients and I asked patients and I said, "What happened?
"How can we help it?
And we used to think that this is one of the biggest problems for what everybody is, or maybe not all, but most of the production projects -- because we left to hear it.
This is my Walleting Bangladesh. It's very simple.
It has a piece of designed and applied.
All of the morning.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put up the challenge of getting up to 75 Koller.
But it's so simple, that every time I became my information to Google Harvard.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my personal problem, not at the same time where it needs a computer organic or a sense of that state, but see it back.
But there's another thing.
As a few of you know, I have more than four hours in Twitter.
So every morning connected me to my Wall Wall and before I went to my car -- people start to talk about, Leonardo, today I think you need a light line.
That is the best thing that can happen -- because it is part of the countries used to help the patients -- because it could be used for the identity, and also for the patients to get out of it.
On the other hand, it can be able to move to people from their signs and together to develop some creative activity to have more control of their health.
In the next week I was going to be available to it.
This little bottle is connected to an idea or another device or another device or another device or another device or another device or another device or another device or another device or another discussion.
And people can be able to be able to take their own artist, to send their doctor and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
So this is the point where patients are going to be able to recognize the control and to be aware of their own bank, but it can also help us to the heart of health because of the challenges that we face -- like the device of the cost of the medical attention -- the distribution of the detection and other issues.
It will do technologies that are simple to use and start with this to get the patients in the team.
And you can do it with technologies like this, but it also makes a critical survival.
And one of the things that we did would like to share with you with a video.
We all have control control in the car.
Maybe we even have them in our cells.
We know exactly where the supercomputers are in Mars.
And also where all of the games.
And of course, we can find complete food.
But where is the most close to help this patients.
We asked but no on.
No one knows where the DNA is going to be living at this moment.
And what we did was to make a crime in the Bank Parks.
We created a website -- and we asked the audience to be able to be able to be able to be able to see it, and when it's open -- and when it is open -- because sometimes they open in terms of office and others are coming down.
And more than 10 dollars are already sitting in the Bank Parks.
The next step was to look at the attention for that.
And we did a paradigm for the point.
We created a paradigm for Latin, and so we can find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Mars and somebody else -- you can use your wife, and you can use it to use your cell cell in order to find the most close -- which can save lives.
And in front of today, I want to introduce this -- not just like DNA 4, which is the name of the product but also as Australia.
And we would be able to get it into the global level.
We are connected to all the colleagues in the world, in other universe, so that they help us to find it, working and act as a center for the college of the 1960s around the world.
Every time you are from bacteria and someone else can be a piece or someone front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to send companies around the world that could help us save these DNA.
You might be sense of message or people, for example, to see if the DNA is still in its place.
Please happen in this and not just to improve health but take the control of it.
Thank you very much.
I am here to share a photograph here.
Or is it "The photograph progress?
Because of course, they're photograph that you can't take with your cameras.
My interest for the photograph was left with my first digital camera at 15 years.
It was moving with my passion on the drawing, but it was a little bit different because when we use the camera the process was in the plant.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process that you end up when you put the college.
For me the photograph had more to do with being in the right place, at the time.
I looked like anyone could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different -- a process that will start to protect the paradigm.
Pictures like this, a building in a very traditional car.
But it has a strange game.
And despite it, it makes a real level of it.
Or pictures like these paintings, butterflies and colors at the time, but with the common goal to keep the level of reality.
And when I say a photograph of photographers.
Because of course, it's not something that can be able to, but I always want it to look like it would have been created in some way as a photograph as well.
pictures that you will have to think about a moment to find out it.
It has more than you can do with a idea that you have a moment.
But what is the task that makes them look like it?
Is it the decades or colors?
Do you get the light?
What do you create the institution?
Sometimes the intelligence is the perspective.
But at the end it is about our way to introduce the world and how it can be able to stay in a bit of a basic surface.
It's actually not about if it is a real but what we think is a real thing.
So I think the fundamental are very simple.
I see it as a reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
So here we have three perfect objects.
But you have a certain way that you can create something that still seems transformation, as if you exist.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So let's go back to the brain because the brain is not the fact that that really doesn't really have sense.
And I see the same process when I was going to change the pictures of it.
It really makes a really different reality.
And the things that make a picture it looks like a picture that is that we don't even think that we don't even think, the things that are going on in our everyday life.
But when you compare pictures is very important to be able to understand it, because it looks wrong with it.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that are going to be able to get real results.
As you can see, these images are not very species.
But comparable, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the computer pictures should have the same kind of light.
And these two images come up with these researchers, they were taken to the same attention and the same kind of light.
The third point is to do the impossible of the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect industry.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a paradigm and the industry is made out of it.
But this image is completely common by pictures of different places.
In the person I think it's easier to create a place that will find it because you don't need to put the ideas that it has in the head.
But it takes a lot of plants.
And as I thought this idea at the point I knew that I had several months to protect it, to find the different choices for the pieces of the factories.
For example, the fish was built in a piece of fish.
The cost is from a different.
The supercomputer part was built in a piece of position.
And yes, I even did the house of the state of the ice for it to seem more survive.
So in order to get a real result I think that it makes it plant.
It always starts with a back, an idea.
Then you have to change the different pictures of it.
And here every piece is very well.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures the result can be very beautiful and at the time it was very true.
All of the tools are there and the only line is our image.
Thank you.
I'm going to start to show you a slide about technology, very based.
Please can put it.
This is a device that I took from a camera of me.
I don't care about so much to show you the decades but the general thing.
This is a authority that we were doing about the potential of the Russian media sees the potential of local area.
The interesting thing about this is that this -- as a lot of other people that we're going to see is a kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of
In other words, every step of here is a lot of music in the relationship of relationship.
I'm going to talk about technology with self-super controls is something normal.
Here is something wrong.
And that's exactly going to talk about.
By the way, they understand the light.
I need more innovation because writing about paper.
Why do we make technologies in the show of the motor scales.
The answer is that if you leave them in a normal code in which you say, these are the years, or some of the time, and this would be any measure of technology that I want to get in, the device would look like this.
It would be something like this.
I don't say a lot.
But if you, for example, for example, some other technology, as the transparency, in a sensitive coral would be very strong, we would see a real line.
But if you happen something like this, you give a complete change.
If the technology of the treatment would go as fast as the medical materials, we could take a task and be in Time in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't take it to that room.
There are no evidence in the story of the technology of the technology of a growing growth that every few years old of magic.
The question that I want to plan is -- look at these experiments -- we see that they are not going to go up.
It's not possible to keep this change as fast as it is.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it will become a short card -- I know like this until it sounds completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I am opportunity -- so I think maybe going something like this.
So we're going to be in the middle of a conversation.
In this line we are in a treatment of what used to be the world, a new way.
So what I try to ask about and ask you, is, what is that new way that you can open the world?
So what new state is the world?
It looks very, very trust if we're interested in it.
I remember the future of the future in the year 200 and people used to talk about what happened in the year.
This is a trust where people talk about the future and we see that the future is going to be the year.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been found, year after my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
It happens to be a technology. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different that we are doing what we're doing today is any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that treatment that we experience.
But to do that to have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take a difference and look at things at the long way.
The time of time I would like to do it is the time of life in Earth.
I think this image has sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we took a few million years of years when Earth was a big role with a lot of chemicals who were running around it.
If you look at the way that you would organize those chemicals we give us an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theory to start to understand the artist with AIDS -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and it is that, at that time, I had made a little bit of action with all kinds of chemical resources in their own.
Some of those of those action comes up with a particular combination of chemicals that they made them face materials from the outside and so on.
And they started to disappear.
In a certain sense, those were the most private cells -- those bacteria collectives.
But those governments were not living in the current sense, because every one of them has been able to have a relative relationship of chemicals of them.
And every time they were going up with a distribution of the chemicals that they came up.
And so every giant was a little bit different.
In fact, the bacteria that somehow you have to be better than the time that you can be able to get up with the care chemical chemicals -- they grow more chemicals and they are going to get more chemical and disappeared more.
They usually live more time, they were more recorded.
It was a form of life, a very simple life, very simple -- but things became interesting when these holes were learned by the transportation of the architecture.
So in some way we don't understand all these governments learned to make information.
They learned to keep information, which was the rest of the cell -- in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they found in this evolution without sense -- a system that allows them to remember what they were to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
The amazing thing is that that study system seems to have been able to have been able to be able to be able to be able to make 24 million years ago.
Our region, our genes -- they have exactly the same code -- that same structure system.
In fact, every living will be excited with exactly the same set of laws and the same code itself.
And one of the things that I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this city.
So here I have 100 of us in the white police that I try to put to the security people of the surgery.
But you know, I took this code -- the code has the common laws that we used to use in this, and I wrote my personal data in this stage of DNA.
So if someone wants 100 million tons of my personal card -- I have a lot of for all the presentations, in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a school that would have put it on a virus and would have sent it through the room.
What was the next happened?
I would write the DNA was a interesting.
This made these cells were happy to be a billion years.
But then it happened another great interesting step in which things were very different and it was that these cells started to interact and communicate information by working in the cells.
I don't know if you know it, but the bacteria can make DNA.
So for example, for example, they evolved the resources to animals.
Some bacteria found the way that we were able to avoid the perspective and they were used to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of relationships to the phenomenon because bacteria are communicate them.
This community gave that they were going to be communities that, in a way, they were together in that, and they had a situation.
So they survive or failed together, or it is that if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community they were getting more and they were familiar by evolution of it.
And the entire point was happened when these communities were supposed to get so much, in fact, and they decided to write all the rest of the community together in a DNA.
The next thing is interesting for life to take other billion years.
And in that stage we have a molecular communities of a lot of kinds of different cells working together as a single organization together.
In fact, we are a molecular community.
We have a lot of cells that are no longer alone.
The cell cell is not going to be without the heart, or the mountains, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and they produce more interesting levels that the cell -- something we call an organization of it.
The next level happened within these community.
They started to bring information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than making information in community.
They're the normal structure.
The neurons are the ones that process the information that these cell communities built in.
In fact, they started to spread inside the community being the responsible structures to remember and understand the information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those community.
And that gave them an evolutionary view.
Because at that time as an individuals -- the learning was connected to the front of an organization -- and not to the human time.
So an organization could -- for example, to learn not to eat a certain French because I knew the last time that the food.
And that could happen during the life of an organization because they had built these kinds of information of information of information that the evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals that were going to be that program.
So the fact that the nervous system will build those information structures of information to the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now be connected to an industry.
It could happen in the time you need to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the traffic of the community.
So for example, the most recent version we know is the human language.
If we think about it, it is an incredible research.
I have a very complicated idea in the head.
I'm here sitting up with a few degrees and survived, building a similar idea and controlled and construction, in their head that make a certain anti-fact with me.
But we take something very complicated that we put it in sound in sound -- and we produce something very complicated in other brain.
That allows us to start to work like an organization as well.
In fact, as humans, we have started to do transportations.
Now we're going to take a few of us through the moral organisms to the moral organisms -- we bring our region of record, private and information process.
For example, the language of language was a little step in that direction.
The technique, the computer, the commercial center, the 1970s, and that is the specialists that we now built to keep that information.
And that brings us in something much bigger and faster and able to evolved more than we did before.
Now the evolution can happen.
You saw the evolutionary example of Times in which I produce certain evolution with the company -- to our eyes.
And now we've done the scale of time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years every one.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, it took a few million years.
The next one, the language and they took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronic, it seems to take just a few decades.
The process is responding -- I guess that the word is the right word to name something that makes their own change.
The more change, the more quickly they do.
And I think that is what we look at in this experience of the coral.
We see that the process goes back.
But I won the life designing computers and I know that the doctors that I work to tell you not to be possible.
But now design objects that would be impossible for me to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to tell you
I don't know that every treatment in that metaphor machine.
There are thousands of million.
Instead of that, with the designers of the TV Mars, we think a level of artist, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you can't be able to do -- it gets much more far away and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes we don't even understand that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using last -- is the evolution itself.
We put into the machine of an evolutionary process that works in the scale of microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolved a program from a piece of infection sense.
We said, "Why are you going to run hundreds of millions of dollars in the dance?
Can you put these kinds of institutions in the day, to get all of those programs -- and take those who are going to look at what we want to do?
In other words, I did what I want.
Let's say that I want to add numbers to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are going to be able to make numbers of numbers.
Of course, it's very likely that a little bit of infection sensors of institutions -- so that none of them did it.
But one of course was able to put two numbers in the right.
And I said, "Computer, you could take 10 percent of those solar services that were better doing the state?
Let's get those and we spend the rest of the rest of it.
And now we remember the numbers of the numbers of the numbers.
And we're going to get them back to the research process to second to sex."
We take two programs -- which will make children, which are going to be charges, and that children are going to have the properties of both program.
So we got a new generation of programs that are product of the programs of programs that had a little bit more.
And we say, please remember the process.
Chris again.
It makes a few motivations.
And I tried to try and do with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few millions of them.
So I can do the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in a few minutes, in a few hours.
At the end of the end, we ended up with programs that are going to make numbers of very perfect way.
In fact, they are a lot more efficient than I could have written to hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to take it to see how they work.
They are dark programs -- exciting.
But you get the company.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a hundreds of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives.
Once I was in a 78 with Michael Mars and he took a card and he says, "You look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles that work together to get a safe sea. You don't feel a serious sense?
We know that the engineering processes don't work very well when they have become complex.
So we started to depend on computers to make a very different design process.
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex things than the normal industry.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes out of us.
Now we use those programs to make a lot more quickly and so that we can solve these programs much faster than that.
Or it is, it goes back.
The thing goes faster and faster and that's why I think it looks so conversation.
Because all of these technologies are recording.
We're dead.
And we are in a strange moment to the political organisms when they became molecules.
We are the frames and we can't understand what we are creating it.
We are in the international point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very awesome from our part to think that we are the end of evolution of evolution as well.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what it comes back.
But now it comes up and I think I would go here before I was speaking to me.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor -- and that's me.
And I've got the enough time to allow me to get part of my favorite factory on that.
Before I'm trying to treat my talk, we talk a little bit about biomedist.
Why isn't it?
We are about the end of the end.
We love the baby, right?
The building is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about to go back the reasons, and I talk about statistics and use them to form a great team of biomedical.
I will focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know a lot of you.
It's called bacteria progress.
And we talk about 300 percent of a bank that makes 300 percent.
And that means that the bank based out, three of 10 times.
That means to put the phone into the field of game without being a paradigm, and that anyone who is trying to take it to the first basis -- it doesn't get to time, and the second based out will be saved.
three.
You know how they call a billion in the Great Light?
Well, really well, maybe the team of the stars of stars.
You know how to call a biology of the big back of the holes?
By the way, that is someone who was about 10 colors, and it was about four cars.
Leadership, like the Territy Turkey Telescope, the last play of the Most Monterey of the Big Ladies in order to get more 400 colors in a record terrible.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more completely, or maybe less interview, after what I'm going to tell you today.
They survive that they have approaches and they are determined to a surface that has also a 400 in computers.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now guess that they live in a strange place and one will be a little bit of a bit of two control controls and their family of family described it to a carbon where it is in order to be about 200 is 200 percent.
But you know something.
She is going to be better by this year.
And their trees have been 24.
This is not work.
But you ask them.
What do you think that you should be the average of the risk of a carbon surgeon or a collective screen, or a general status."
Third, very well.
And the truth of the point is that nobody in the whole medicine knows the trees of a good surgeon, from a doctor or a distance.
What we do, yet it's to send it to the world, and I came into the way to be perfect.
And you know, you know, you take a strength and try to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message that I went on when I was in the medicine.
And I was a whole study of computer.
Once a company in the school said that Brazil God was studying up to a street of sand.
That's what it is.
I studied in my little destination, in the research of the National Helvetication of Turkey Germany, not far from here.
And I learned all of me.
In my kind of anti-foot, I mentioned the organic and the marketing work -- the radio of each art that comes out of the ancient, the digital difference and no one.
And I even met the difference of how to raise the article to come up with the record.
And as it takes more and more aware of it.
And I was very well, I got a lot of horrible.
And you get out of the medical school that if you move all of all, then you would know everything -- or the most possible thing -- it comes to the whole thing, because this is how you get out of the stress.
And it works for a time, until I met the Sea Sea.
I was responsible in a college hospital here, in Talido when they brought to the sea sense to the service of evidence where I work.
At the time I was given to the sensory service system.
And when you get it up to get up to a carbon compared to me to go to that patient.
And it will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get
When I saw the Sea Sea, I was going on.
I heard a different sound.
And when I came up, I heard a standard sound in both side, which I was sent by a content control of control.
In these conditions the heart, the heart left to work and instead of driven the blood up to it, the blood is going to the banks, and so they get out of sand, and that's why there is a lot of hard to go.
And it wasn't hard to disappear.
I did it and I made me work on the treatment I would give him.
He gave him automatic and medicine to support the pressure in his heart.
And he gave him a little bit of water, so that I could be able to send listening.
And in one hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And there was when I took the first street, he sent her home.
In fact, I took two more.
He sent her home without talking to the head of resources.
I didn't read the phone and I did what I should have done, which was called my head and put it with him for her to see it.
And if my head would have seen it, it would have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
Maybe I did it for a good right.
Maybe I didn't want to be a result that would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to be so successful and able to take responsibility from my patients without even control my head.
The second end that I came up with was worse.
When you send it up to your house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interest that said, "Good, it's not a good idea.
In fact, I was so lucky that I asked the experience that I was going to go to the Saturday Saturday, "I think it's good if you go to your years?
And the experience I thought and then he said with natural nature, "Yes, I think to be good.
I remember that as if it was seeing.
So it was that it was going to end the high thing, and the authority together with the drugs took her home.
And I went back to the room.
The rest of that day, that day, I had a bad test in the state.
But I kept with my work.
At the end of the day, I engage to leave the hospital and walk into the movement where my car was going to go home. At that time I did something that I don't do.
I went through the service of the way to home.
And there another experience, not the thing that I came out of the Sahara Saturday before, but another one told me three words, those three words that most of the medical doctors will go.
The other species are also also, but there's a piece of the environment, and it is that we see the patients.
The three words are, is it?
Do you get out of the patient that I sent up to your years?
I asked the other number of nature with nature.
And she was ready, with the same kind of voice again.
She was good.
But I went back and the back of the death.
In one time of a time to have come back to his house, after I was going to give him the high one, I was going to be a color and his family called the 1970s, the paradigms were taken to the experiences with an artificial pressure of 50 feet of Harvard, which means a sensitive standard.
It was just going to go up and it was blue.
The evidence of experience was able to get all their resources.
And they gave him a drug to get the art of an artificial perspective.
And they put it up and they put an artificial responsibility.
I was moving and sat up to the microscope.
I had a sense of feeling because then they were going to be in the wrong team and wait against the whole hope that it would be.
And in the two or three days next to the next few days I would never get up.
I had a bright brain.
The family came back.
And in eight or nine days, they got back to what was going on.
And at the end of the day, they left it to go. The Saudi David, wife and game.
They say they never forget the name of the ones that they die.
That was my first experience.
And the next few weeks ago, I came up with it and experiment for the first time that there is in our medical culture and I felt just -- and I felt just just to feel that signal side because you can't talk to your colleagues with you.
You make the patients and you never get that street.
It is that fish that I left a taught here.
And the favorite piece of which I talk is that it makes us feel very bad for each other.
It's the one that tells us that what we did was bad -- but we're bad.
And that sounds like that.
And it was not for my head, he was a love.
I talked to the family and I'm sure that it would take things out and make sure that they didn't get me.
And I kept doing those questions.
Why did I not ask my head? Why did I send it up to his house.
And in my worst moment, why did I put a stream so strong?
Why do I choose medicine?
It was a little bit a little bit of that sense to be described.
And I started to feel better.
And in one day, he opened up the sky and finally came out the sun and I asked me if I would feel better again.
And I did a treatment to me in which if I cut the effects to be perfect to be perfect to not be able to make more forests, would be able to get those voices to be able to make those times.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But I went back to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the evidence of evolution in a community in the North Country, and I got a man from 25 years with a pain in the game.
I was very excited and started.
And he kept here.
He looked at his game, was a little bit of collapse.
I was growing it up and he sent it to his home.
But while he went back to the door of his short.
Two days later, when I came to make my climate change, my head asked me to talk to me in his office.
And I was going to take the three words, is it?
Do I remember the patient who saw for a pain in the garden?
And he went back and I had no employees of it.
I had a completely bad application called electronics.
You can look at it in Google -- it's a interaction, not from the game, but it goes out of the surface, and that can be able to cause the code of those go.
He did not face.
And it would be inspired by increasing it and remember the few days.
And you open the same period of plant and relationships, then I went back and go back to work, until it happened over and over again.
Two times in the same team in the same subject, it doesn't disappear in it.
And it's a great effort -- especially working on a hospital -- because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovered one.
One of them thought that I had a recent calculation.
They provide a radio rate of robots, but it turned out, a colleagues that was moving into the patient in the top of a certain sense in the right, and I called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of day.
And he would make it ready to reduce and I asked my colleagues to get it to it.
And you get it up and to be able to be able to be able to be able to see the right control in the right, called the surgeon.
And they were born up and they were getting well.
But every single case I got up, I would take me out.
But I'd like to tell you that I took the worst stress in the first five years, and as a lot of colleagues say, is a way.
The most significant people have been during the last five years.
Just survive and no support.
And here is the problem, if I can't tell you and talk about my stations, if I can't find the violence that I tell me what it really happens, how can you share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach you this so that you don't make the same stress?
If I went to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time they heard somebody talking about family, after family, after favorite from family?
Of course that in a picture will talk about the states of other doctors -- but they don't hear someone talking about their own stations.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well as a transportation in my hospital supported the wrong life, I thought I would have a little bit to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
And the total government of the states.
It's the system in which there are two possibilities, the ones that are going to be supporting and the ones that you can't tell and the ones who have a result of results and the ones that have a result of results of them.
And it is almost like a social relationship -- as you start to act that person.
We have the idea that if we put out of the medicine to the people who are able to be able to be a safe system.
But that takes two problems.
In 20 years, I have done a personal study of bad decades and medical stations, and I have done a personal study of a bad degree and medical stations to learn the possible thing that I wrote for the Town State to my program, "White Country, Bangladesh Arabic, and a black artist.
And what I learned is that teachers are support.
We work in a system where the teachers are happening all the days, where one of 10 people in the hospital are wrong -- or disease is not right. In a system in which the original institutions are increasingly more and more numbers, by making cars and death.
In this country, they died 24 countries for the extraordinary medical dead.
The United States.
In both cases, it is about banking substances, because we're not designing the problem as we should be.
And so they are things.
A hospital system where the knowledge is moving every two or three years, and we don't get us.
The price of the dream invented everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive services that allow a perfect story of a patient in the car.
Now, let's take at the same patient with a pain in the car, it comes into the local eyes and with a lot of anti-site and and all of a sudden -- my story comes to me.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things as well.
And my patients are not cars -- they don't get their symptoms in the same way.
For all of this, the states are interest.
So if we take the system as we were taught -- and we send all of the professionals to end, well, not going to be anything.
And with the people who don't want to talk about their most great cases of it?
In my program -- "But this is my beautiful stage, and it's my worst street?
And their students were going to say, reduce the head and they're going to go out and start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, not the same street."
They need a context where we can do it.
They need a relative cultural culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The medical doctor is human -- you know -- and it doesn't get out of their stations, but it does not be able to learn from what happened to teach others.
I share their experiences with them.
It is support for those who talk about their stress.
It shows the states of other people not with the interest of them, but in a kind of an amazing way that they all have to grow up.
And I work in a medical culture that requires human beings to get the system -- and when this happens -- they are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to eat them.
My name is Brazil Google.
I'm a relative medicine.
I'm a human.
And I feel a lot of it, but I feel a lot of to learn something that can lead to others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me control with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day.
Do you know how much we get in a week in a week in a week.
I did a little bit more than 200 people and the average amount of choices that he says to send a middle American -- is about 80 to day.
It doesn't make a lot -- in an research.
The researchers represent the different task of these electronics and the time that they work in taking decisions with those tasks.
They found that at the end, they are able to see 180 work for week.
Nature, every single job worked in a lot of medicine.
The half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Just one percent had a year or more of their time.
Now think about their education.
Do you know how many people who are going to go to the cost of nine minutes, and how many of you have a now?
How do you make the way that you make those decisions?
Now I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the reality, to pick up to the top of choices for it.
I want to talk about the problem and in a few solutions as well.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I do a question -- as I am a school, you look at your hand just if you want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get
On the other way, when you do a question -- if your answer is possible to make a factory.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to talk about the problem of the property of the paradox of the paradox of the paradox?
Thank you.
And I have been studied from the University of Stanford University -- I was able to get this very high level, at least at least in that time was very support.
It's called Baries.
It was almost like going to a piece of difference.
There were about 24 different kinds of money and vision, over 500 different kinds of first films and trees and about 25 percent water and this was when we take water water out of it.
I would love to go to that story, but in one room I asked me, why did I never buy anything.
This is the state of the authority of the audience.
They had more than 75 different class -- including the ones that were in the room that they put out of military trees coming from ministers.
Once I decided to fly to the gene and ask him, "You do well this structure to get all these operations?
He gave me the features full of teachers that came up all the days -- usually with their face.
We decided to make a little experiment with the minds. This is the time.
It goes on.
They had 38 different difference.
We put a point to design, right to the bottom of the technology.
We put out there of six stands of six surgery, or about 24 different discoveries and we looked at two things -- first of what case people were willing to be willing to try to test the minds?
More people were told when there was 24 percent that when there was only six -- a 50 percent.
We also looked at what the case was more likely to buy a standard top.
Here we found the opposite effect here.
The ones who were told when there was 24 -- just three percent of the three percent of them to buy medical companies.
And I was going to show you when there were six -- we saw 30 percent.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy significant if they found six -- if they were going to find 24 of them.
Well, I decided we don't buy that we don't buy a prediction we probably became a good thing to get the line -- but it turns out that the problem of the choices of choices are kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of anti-site decisions
We decided not to decide -- even when this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial home.
I'm going to tell you a study that I did with Google Harvard, and Wall Kansas, in which we look at the decisions on the college of about a million Americans of a million Americans in the age of this country.
We were interested in looking at if the number of pieces of distribution plants in terms of the forests for the players, the 400 percent of the patterns to save for the future.
And we found that I actually had a collective.
We had 750 planets who were from two, to 45 different choices to them.
We found that how much more it was the number of failures -- there were less participation.
So if we look at the experiences, we see that in the planets that are going to be two fines, the rate rate was 80 or more, not as high as they want.
And in the planets that are going to be about 60 fines, the rate of particular particular was given to the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decided to be able to put up, when there are more choices -- even in that case, there are no neurons around.
So for the ones who decided to put together, how much more it was the number of choices -- more people were working up to avoid the bacteria or the interviews of research.
In the time there would be more choices -- they were more willing to invest in the financial financial areas.
But no one of these extraordinary decisions are the ones that we will be able to be able to provide the future financial future.
In the last decade we have seen three main negative conditions when we get more and more possibilities to it.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision -- that they put it even when this is going to be against the own interest of the world.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions and in the health.
They are more likely to pick less sensitive, even though they get better.
The main reason is that we are going to look at that variety of mass graphics, moving up and limited, but we are not able to do the cells to buy them, to be able to be able to be able to get out of that extra extraction.
Now I want to ask you for four simple techniques that we've taught -- in a way or other, in different research, so that they can teach in their business.
The first one is, Congress.
They've already heard about it, but it's never been more true than today, that less than more is more.
People are always going to be moving when I say, "Come on.
They are concerned to lose space in the office.
But actually what we're seeing every more and more is that if you decided to be able to be able to be able to get away from the strange patterns, there will be a survival in the seats, you will be able to have a better experience in the scale.
When Park Camerood happened from 25 different types of Harvard -- I saw 14 of the 10 percent of the 10 percent of them.
When the Chinese Gallon California called the products that are going to come up, they were supposed to get the use in 75 percent of the countries and the single controls and most controls.
You know that the substances of today, at the end of you are going to be 40 product.
And in a website of Wikipedia they get about 100 product.
But the largest sense of the largest world in the current world is Alexander and provided only 150 products -- a kind of taking it up in the landscape.
In the world in the world, I think that one of the best examples that have gone on about how to keep better choices is the plan of David Latin, the Haiti program.
All of all of us in Hollywood are increased by a sense of life.
What they really want to do is, they are going to take them 20 fines, not 100 or more.
You know that people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
All of them are important.
And the first thing I do is to ask the employees, let me tell you the difference that there are between those choices that have between those choices in it.
And if you can't do it, you can't do that your colors?
This later, before I started this sense, I was talking to Google.
He told me that it would be willing to offer the people in this audience a little bit.
Here a destruction.
I want to read it.
I'm going to leave you a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a short if you're ready to take the rest of it.
(Audience: All right.
Are they not more.
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew that there was a transportation.
Who is ready for that trip?
I think that actually came to the most hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first red, which in the second, but I can tell you that the second time was more real time.
Because the images made it more real.
And this brings me to the second technology to keep the problem of the operation of choices that is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between choices -- they have to understand the conditions of each choice -- and the conditions must feel very visible, very constantly.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more in average when you use cards of defense or creative, that when you use effect?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out that it looks more real -- it can be a very positive tool for people to hear more.
We did a study with San Benni and Alexander Project, on the personal personality of Earth -- that they worked in Europe, these people were in a meeting where they were getting up to a plant player.
At that point, that we put exactly as the waste, we did a little authority.
What we found was that we gave the person to think about the positive things that are going to happen in their lives if they were getting more money.
With this story there was a survivor in the 2000 and an increase in the amount that were interested in save or in what they wanted to put in their head of homes, about four percent.
The third technology is Carolina.
We can make more expensive than children.
For example, this is a study that we did in a role of regions.
So we saw that in the Serres that the West company in the card of the National card, the extra of records can be able to get from 38 different types to 1980.
But you know?
Because the climate is going to tell me how to do it.
These are two years of the table.
One is called "The "The "The "The other one, "See."
If you think about the left of the left is Simon and the right of the right is John, you give it a little bit.
(Audience: Well, there's some of them.
If you think about the left of the left is Japan and the right of the right is Stanford, you go out of a recovery.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The left of the left is Japan and the right is Stanford. But you know something.
This kind of climate control is totally interesting.
The cars have to be able to put something to you -- not when you do it.
You often see this problem with those huge limits of factors.
I guess who are they completely?
My face car, controlled the computer.
It turns out that we can make a lot more information than what we think about, if we just take a little bit.
We have to increase the big complexity of it.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean to say.
Let's see a very complicated decision -- the company of a car.
This is a strange state of cars that allows me to put it through it.
You have to take 60 decisions to bring your car down.
And these decisions are going to be in the number of choices that come up every one.
College, color college of the car -- I have 45 possibilities of it.
Man: March of changes -- four people.
And what I'm going to do is to be able to be able to be able to be able to make sure that the decisions come down.
So half of the citizens are going to go from a lot of choices to go from a lot of choices -- for a few countries, for a few cars.
The other half of the citizens are going to go from a little bit of children, four degrees -- a lot of choices.
And what am I going to look at it?
So what are they involved as well.
So if you get the bacteria of the distance in every decision in every decision that you are based on -- or it is, we're losing them.
We found that the ones who go from a lot of choices at the age of a few of us to disappear over and over and over again.
We lost them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they get there.
The same information, the same number of people.
And the only thing I did was to take the order that you think about information.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to choose it.
Even though the head of change is not saying anything about the pressure of the interest designer, all of us are going to be able to choose it.
It takes us a product that we're building that now has more talk about the process.
So to survive.
I've been talking about four technologies to move the problem of the property of the paradigm, Cold, will be able to be able to be able to do it, and they can do it real -- control, we can make a little bit more expensive with less choices -- controlled the computer.
All these technologies that I've been designed to help you were designed to help us make the artists, or better for you, to use them in their ideas, or for people who are going to be.
It is that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being used to the scale.
And the more constructing that we are in our choices we can be able to protect the art.
Thank you very much.
In the 1970s, in the United States, if you had a machine to write it to the government.
And I had to reduce a team of example of example with the machine.
And this is so that the government could be able to reduce the transportation of terms.
If you found a written with the right message you could be able to reduce the stage to the idea of the idea.
In the West we didn't know that someone could do this, so much that this is going to look at the freedom of experience.
We will never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2010, if you buy a color of any big collection of any big man and improve a page -- that page will end up to have a little bit of private paradigms in every page that make a pattern that makes them a pattern of one and their property.
That's happening today.
And nobody looks like a lot of this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the cities.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world in the line we can add the attention to your attention.
There are three main groups.
They are the controls.
Like Mars.
The cell of collectives is very easy to understand it.
These guys make money.
They use the conditions to make a lot of money, including amount of money.
There are actually a lot of millions of dollars in line -- molecules, that they won money with their attention.
This is Valley Telescope, from Tami, State.
This is Alexander George.
This is San War.
This is San South.
These are Mars Antarctica, Arab Audience: And so on.
These guys are doing their factors in line -- but they do it by the middle method to reduce money of our realize when we buy in the line -- or reduce our cells to get information from our galaxies when we bought in a computer computer.
The secret service of the United States, two months ago, controlled the service of this sea, San Japan, and this was 1950 million dollars when it was constructed.
The Saudi.
And I say that today is more likely that any of us is visit from a conservation than a real crisis.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be wrong.
In the future, most of the companies will happen in line.
The second group of actions that we look at today is not moving by the money.
There is another thing that moves, and they move them through the proteins, they move them out of the paradigms, and they move them out of the reserves.
groups like American have developed in the last 12 months to put a paper in the line.
Those are the three professionals -- the creatures that do for money, the societies as Afghanistan that they do to protect and the last group are the national state of the governments that are going on.
And then we see cases like Department.
That is a good example of government against their own cities.
Discovery is a control of the Carolina Carolina or actually it was.
I would say the last person because of a surgery.
They had the security of the site and they put a context.
The week last week I said, in a meeting of the genetic government -- I asked one of the leaders if they were talking about the death of people in the car to Democratic.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from a attention of this?
Discovery is a content context.
They sell control.
So what are the control company?
Well, you need to do if you have a website with heads, you see Ethiopia sentences, feel like Garden.
And so I had to think of a surprise context of a surprise control.
And that they are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
And in the case of Department happened that way.
And what happened in the principle and those things that have happened -- for example, in Earth?
Well, in effect, the short short shows the secret of the security of the security section in 2010, and during the surface of the building, they had a lot of paper.
And between those particles was this camera camera film Cameron.
And within that camera there had come out of a company with September that had been sold the government of the tools to interact to a great scale of the cities of the country.
And they had seen this tool for 2005 to the entire government.
The secret of the company is right here.
And it is, the Western governments give them tools to the local governments to do this to their cities.
But the Western governments are also doing this.
For example, in America, just a couple of weeks ago, it was a couple of weeks ago -- a transportation used by the government of the government government to invest their own cities.
If you are survival in a critical case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes beyond there.
And it is interested by the Internet.
They're going to be able to use tools as the South Francisco to interact our computer with a transportation to allow us to see all the community, and listen to the distances in line to get our data.
When we think about things like these open answer should be "Well, it looks wrong -- it looks wrong -- but it doesn't really affect me because I'm a honest city.
Why do I worry about that?
I don't have anything to be able to do."
And that argument has no sense.
It's in play.
Professional is not designed.
It's not a question of physics against security against the safety of it.
It's about freedom against control against it.
If we could trust our governments today in 2008, any right that we remember today, being forever.
We will be able to be able to be able to see any future government in a forest that we could have within 50 years.
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live in King, in the front part of the National Park in Narrator.
These are the cars of my dad -- in the bottom -- and behind the cardiors, the National Park of Narrator.
The National Park of Narrator has no close in the largest part of the south -- which means that animals are going to be used to be out of the particular.
And remember, like the lines, and this is what they do.
They move our game.
This is one of the ones who were killed by the night, and so soon we went back in the morning, and we found it in the morning and we found it very bad because it was the only time we had the single time we have.
My community, money, we believe that we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to protect them, and so we put them so much.
So I grew up working a lot to the leaders.
The move are war that produce our community and the game, and they're also moving with the problem.
And so they kill lines.
This is one of the six laws who were killed in Narrator.
I think this is so few in the National Park of Narrator.
A child in my community, in the age of the age of the age of the nine years, it's responsible from his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to be used by fish, because I thought to the laws I was afraid of it.
But I realized that this is actually not going to be, because even he would even help the laws to see the state of us.
I didn't read me.
A second idea was to use an electronics.
I was trying to get up to the laws so that they thought it was close to the ground.
But the laws are very smart --  They came up the first day and they saw the stage, and they came up, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing doesn't move up, it's always here.  So they went up and they went into animals and they took animals.
So one night was walking around the stage with a strength and that day the read didn't come out.
I found out that the laws have fear to the light that is moving up.
So I had an idea.
And I got an interest with which I would learn and put the lights out.
And this is a little law of a red line.
And I went up.
And as you can see, the solar passion is going to take the bacteria and the bank supporting the electricity to the small box. I call it a transparency.
And the wrong box makes them get them out.
As you can see, the bees are going to go out, because that's where they come out of the leaders.
And that's how you see it when you come from night.
The lights slow up and send the laws to think that I'm walking out of the study -- but I'm going to take it into my face.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never got to have a problem with leaders.
And the house of the control came the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had made a lot of animals and I asked me if I could put the lights out.
I said yes.
And you can see it at the bottom -- these are the lights for leaders.
Since then, I've been involved in seven house in my community and they're getting a lot.
And my idea is also used now by all of the Korea, to take other designers like heroism, legal, and it's also used to be used in order to be able to send them out of the farmers.
Thank you to this invented -- I had the force of getting a baby in one of the best schools in Kenya, Britain International International School, and I'm very excited about it.
And my new school is now helping us to pick up failures and control.
It even took my friends to my community and we put lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the principles of the knew by looking at my father, and I used to see strangers fly up, and he told me that some day would be within one.
And here I are.
I got the opportunity to come in the first time to TED.
My great dream is to get to be an engineering and perfect when I grew up.
It used to be able to hear the laws -- but now as my research is going to go to my dad and the leaders, we can be with the laws without no control.
So what in my language means -- thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting a story is to listen to a story like it.
So I got a bank.
CA: You're working on other electricity invented in.
What is the next in your list?
RB: My next invented is, I want to do a little bit closed. CA: A class choice."
RB: I know that they were already invented by the electric classes, but I want to do the me.
CA: So you try it once again, right?
We are going to go into each step in every step that you know, friend of me.
Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up with a song called "No stage "No?
And I felt very proud of me.
In school, we spent all the time to study the story of National Stanford, but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that South America, Karachine Country is the enemy.
But even though I asked me about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North North, until everything changed it up.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public employee.
But I thought that my life in North America was normal was normal.
My family was not poor and I had never had a female happened.
But one day, in 1945, my mom took home a corner of my sister in my own.
I said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we haven't food in the two weeks last week.
We are recorded together in the weight -- and our bodies are so strange, that we are ready to die to die?
I was very short.
It was the first time I heard that people were sitting on my country.
At the time when I was walking in front of the transportation, I saw something terrible that I can't get out of my medicine.
A woman without life was dead in the street -- giving a little child in his arm looking at the face of his mother without able to do anything.
No one would help them, because they were very concerned about the same and their family.
A huge human head of North Carolina at the middle of the 1970s.
At the end, more than a million neurons died during the head and just few people who were going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take a
They were also made more and more failured by the energy, all of my around it was completely at the night in the night of the sea at the end of the sea in China, and they just control the river from my house.
I always asked me why they had light.
This is a photographer photograph of North America in the night compared with the right countries.
This is the Arab Arabic, which comes from line between North and China.
As you can see, the river can be very support in certain points -- allow us to be able to grow seriously.
But a lot of death.
Sometimes I see body bodies in the ground.
I can't read the decades of how I came out of North Carolina, but I can only say that during the years, I was sent up to China to live with each other.
But I just thought it would be sensitive from my family for short time.
I could never have imagine that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live like a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how life would be the life as a record.
But I soon learned that it's not just extremely difficult but it's also dangerous -- because the natural records in China were considered individuals in China.
And so I was living with a course that my identity was recording -- and it would be recorded to a heart head of the North Carolina.
And one day, my worst device was actually made by really, when I went back to the Chinese police and I was interested in the political scale.
Some of them had been able to be named to be named, then I was going to take my skills in the Chinese language and made me a lot of questions.
I was a strength.
I thought my heart was going to explain it.
If it didn't look like, it could be short and device.
I thought my life was going to end up.
But I was able to control my emotions and my questions.
At the end of the industry an office was told to others, "This was a favorite root. She's not not name."
And they let me go. It was a microscope.
Some of them in China are going to look at the strange streets.
But many of you may be treated by the Chinese and control of the Chinese and control.
These women had a lot of survival.
Even though they have come up, they were eventually literally longer after a huge international pressure of it.
These guys didn't have so much.
Every year, you know, natural numbers are connected in China and controlled to the North Carolina, where they are transformation, in order to come up or employees in audience.
Even though I was used to spend, many other numbers have not had so much.
It is transformation that the numbers have to put their ideas and get so hard just to survive it.
Even after learning a new language and to find work, all their world can happen in an institution.
That's why after 10 years of sharing my identity -- I decided to go back to the South Southern.
And I started a new life again.
It was going to be in the South Country was a much greater challenge of what I wanted to.
The English was very important in the Court, I had to start learning my third language.
And also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We are all commodities, but in the way, we've come to be very different because of 35 years.
And even you get an idea of ideas.
I am super or not heart?
Where am I me?
In fact, there was no country that I could call me with me.
Even though I apply to the life in the South Country was not easy -- I did a plan -- I started to study for the state of an income to the universe.
Just when I started to apply to my new life, I got a climber called a camera called it.
The North Carolina companies were interested by a lot of money who sent my family, and as a completely, my family was going to be available to the force to an artist in the errors.
They had to go out of it.
And so I started to plan how to help them out.
The names have to take a lot of distance in the way to freedom in the way.
It's almost impossible to create the face between the North and North Country of the Sun.
So, I took a shark back to China and I started to the face of the North Carolina.
And because my family couldn't talk about, I had to get them up, in some way, for more than three miles through China and then through the University of America.
The journey in bacteria took a week, and we almost went through several times.
Once our car was described and accessible by an office of the Chinese policy.
I asked the identity of all, and I started to ask them questions.
As my family could not understand Chinese -- I thought my family was going to be a transportation.
When the Chinese office came back to my family, I present my family, and I told him that they were perfect people.
I would look at me, but I really believe me.
We did all the way to the face of Latin Latin.
But I had to spend almost all my money to go into the fraction of the fraction in Latins.
But even after going on the face -- my family was arguing and controlled to create the face of it.
After pay moral and supermarkets, my family.
But at the time, my family was arguing and inspired again in the car of Latin.
This was one of the most low dots in my life.
I did everything to deal with my family, and we were so close to me, but my family was recorded in front of the decision of the Congress of the South Country.
I was and I came up with the electronic office and the police of the police and desperate to deal with my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more supermarkets or moralities.
I lost the hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man said, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a decided to ask him to ask it.
With my poor English and with a decision, I explained the situation -- and without supposed, the man was to the supercomputer body and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two names and take them out of prison.
I went up with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why did I help me?
I'm not helping you, he said.
I'm helping the national point.
I realized that that was a similar moment in my life.
The game decided a new hope for me and for the name for me and for the natural village when we needed it.
And I showed me that the device of designers and the support of the international community are really the risk of hope.
With the time, after our long journey and my family and I went back in the South Country.
But to get their freedom is just half the background.
A lot of nations are sensitive from their families and when you go to a new country, they start with little or any money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, protest of the English language of work, and more.
We can also be able to be able to go into people inside the North North and the rest of the world.
Because so many of us are going to get in contact with families still in it, and we keep information and money and money that is help to change the North Carolina from the other.
I have been very support, I've got a lot of aid and inspired in my life, so I want to help you give you a chance to do with an international amazing.
I am sure you're going to see more and more nature in the world, including in the TED.
Thank you.
I live in Congress.
This is Congo Stanford, sense of little films, failure food, bright books.
So the cells of the city became and thought, we are going to change the name of Congo Serrican so that they represent something else -- so they changed it to the South Southern, as if this will represent what is actually bad in the city.
This is the South Antarctics.  You get from little fines, failure food -- based on banks.
At the same thing that 24 million other Americans live in a food of food, the American Constant Country, home of the food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to bring more people more people in the car.
People are dying of the critical diseases in the Congress Center.
For example, the strategy rate in my room is five times larger than we say, "Come back Haiti, which is about 15 miles away.
I love to see that this happened.
And I ask me, how if they didn't have access to the blood food, and if every time they come out of home you see the medical effects that the food food system has in their room?
I look at the streets of companies and sold as cars used as well.
I see hundreds of diagrams like Stanford.
And I think this has to be.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem and it's the solution.
And I have already been able to move up 40 minutes of day and come back to buy a drug that doesn't have perspectives.
What I did, it was to plan a piece of food in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a short.
This is about 45 me.
The point is, you get to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I'm going to do in game, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it.
This was how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I me, Dr. Grandmother Greens -- and we started to plan our food for food trees -- you know, the new whole really complex green green trees.
What we do, we are kind of a kind of group of a group of programming by all the proteins, from all the city and completely value, and everything we do is free.
And the game, was beautiful.
And then someone goes up.
The city came up to me and started to give me a collective telling me that I had to solve my game, the culture was made up of the strength.
And I said, let's go on, right?
A super artist to plan in a piece of land that nobody impossible?  So I was like, "Well, I was like?
Because this time I wasn't going to happen.
Thanks. They had the story of the history by Steve Leb, and I talked to the content and one of the members of George Greens, who put a perspective in China, with 100 fisheries, and we were a success.
We had the violence in our hands.
My context even called to say that they were going on and they knew what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why don't you?
Liberia.
It has 78 miles of band terrible.
That comes to 20 Periler Constant.
That is enough enough to plan 38 million dollars of terms of it.
Why does it not look like this?
It will be able to get a plan to give you a thousand seven services.
When a dollar dollars will give you 75 dollars of results.
And it's my human, when I say to people, it makes your own food.
It will control your own food is how your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Congo South.
I grew up there. I grew up my kids there.
It turned out to be part of this material reality that was killed for me, and I'm going to kill my own reality.
You see, I am an an an an an an an an an an an an an an artificial one.
The article is my grandmother, I created my art.
Just like an artificial architecture -- which is beautiful bears, I mean blood beats -- and the streets of the background.
I use the airplane, the land -- like a piece of story, and the plants and the trees and the trees are my beating of that story.
You will be able to see what the land can do if you let it be their own.
You simply can't imagine how amazing it is a galaxy and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm a sense of how my voice became a education of education -- of my record.
In order to change the community, you have to change the body of the Earth.
We're the Earth.
You will be able to see how the girls affect them.
The article is the most sophisticated and private act that you can do, especially in a correct.
You get frontiers.
I remember a car -- that they came up with a mother and his daughter -- they were like 1990, and they were in my night, and they were going to look very quickly.
I said, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is in the street for a right.
And I felt that I felt to see people who was so close to me, and this only turns out why I do this, people ask me, "Well, I don't know that people are going to reduce your food?
And what I say, "Why do you not have fear that you go to reach.
So that's in the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but at its time, I want you to get your health."
There was another thing that I put a game in a record to send in the center of the America.
They were these guys who helped me build the way.
It was great -- they share his stories about how this had set up and how they used to plan with his mom and his grandmother and he was great to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
And so George Greens has come to plan maybe 20 streets.
We've had -- like about 50 people who come in, they work and protecting -- all of them in plant play.
If the kids create control -- the kids will be able to be able to eat it.
If you put them together, you're going to be able to eat tasks.  But if nothing of this is taught -- if you don't teach you how the food is the mind and the body, you go back to cities what you put in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they are applied. I see kids of color that are in this way designed for them, who didn't take them to any side.
With the substrate, I see an opportunity where we can come to these kids who are getting out of their communities to have a super life.
And when we do this, who know?
Maybe the next George George Country.
But if we don't change the body of the Earth, we never will do it.
Now this is one of my planets -- this is something I want to do.
I want to plan a whole card of anti-single partners, where people can share food in the same way.
I want to take you together and turn them into the healthy cars.
They don't get me.
I'm not talking about big things, because it is not supporting it.
The conservation of supercomputer, is that you have to get it.
And what I talk about is to put people to work people, to get the kids out of the street -- that you know the shark, the property and the honor of creating their own food -- addressed market market.
And what I want to do here, we have to do it sex to it.
I want all of them to become the economic records, general games grandmothers.
We have to change the grandmother of what's a personality.
If you are not a short, you're not a short.
What do you take your dog out of it?
And that is their speed of scale.
In particular, if you want to get to me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in the short corners and have a relationship to talk about doing some death -- to talk about doing some death.
If you want to look at it, you go back to the box with your wife so that we can plan something.
Dr. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music --   (Music machines.   You can probably be able to get me with me that this is a very nice car.
It's made of authority, and the authority is a good material to connect it, but not always -- especially not in days like today, which is a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the authority that you save.
And especially if you go up in your grandmother and these cars go on, that's not very great.
You can do a lot of career.
It's a radical material and if we build cars, like in the Bank Bank, very close to cities -- we would want to want a similar care.
And the solution for that is to make a little bit.
And the population that we use right now in the majority of the Bangladesh Camerood, and the water can happen through it, so all the water water on the side, and they will have a camera for the ones that is easy to consider, and they don't save water.
The radio is also going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get up in these
Because it is very hard, all the risk disappeared, so it is a very simple card.
It also has resources, of course, and the development of this class is that you can get down.
What is it? You see that in this room of the surface of the surface they get out.
First of all, a little bit more and more and more and more, and then, and then -- well, I won't do that.  But you can give him your break, and you will not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more.
Sometimes they can create bacteria with that.
There is listening.
Bank, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the day looks like.
This is a personal anti-foot, as I said, so it just has a little amount of attention between the points.
Because of the interaction, to the expectation, to the experiment, this bank, the piece between the rights, and it will come in, and if it comes up, you will be able to make it metaphors and send out of the legs.
So if you get out of the career, you will get the survivors, as you see it here.
In order to solve this problem, we think of social materials.
If we can make this material go up, then we probably have a solution.
And so what we can do is to use it is to use street, from that to clean systems, and we can cut the light in very small and very small sides and we can move those little arms with the bank.
And so we have access with small pieces of time in it.
Then you need a machine.
The industry can called it, especially the sun, it's very good at that.
And so what you have to do is to be able to get the sun, and you get the bank out of the bank for these microbes and the legs are going to look at the surface.
Now I use a market house, because I can't bring the great machine in here to the school.
The head of machines is a similar system.
I put the show -- which now I'm going to do to see what happened.
This is the show that comes right now.
I said that we have this kind of individual machine in the lab to control the show for them.
We tried a lot of shows there, and then the government actually saw our results -- and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it.
So they gave us a piece of cardior, 400 meters from the 1970s, in which we had to make a set of teach to try this material to test this material.
So that was what we did there -- you see where we were doing the test in the card, and then, of course, this camera would be a several years without no day. That's what we know about the practice of the screen.
We took a lot of shows from this car and we tried them in the lab.
We made the shows -- we put a lot of attention in them, and we will take them back with our machine of innovation and we're going to get them back to it.
We can remember this a lot of times.
Well, in fact, I can tell you that we have done a material using these factors, using these factors -- using the energy energy -- using the energy of the surface in the surface of the surface -- even they can make the life of the surface of the surface of the surface of the surface.
And now, of course, they have critical of if this also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty expensive.
In fact, you have to make the first before you can show you how it looks like.
But I'm going to do a treatment.
Let's look at it. Yes, it works.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember a morning with the sound of the tree in my house.
My father was listening to New York.
I had a big sense in his face that was institutions in those time, because the news of the news.
"The short states were standing out of my father -- I would put my father out.
I didn't know what it means, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning that will never forget to.
A real school.
You see, I had six years when the talks came out of Afghanistan and they made that children were to school.
For the next five years, I looked like a child to control my sister back, which I couldn't be used to be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that the two we could do with them.
Every day, we took a different challenge so that nobody could know where we are.
We had to put the books in the market of the market so that it looks like we were going to buy them.
The school was in a house, more than 100 percent of us on a little room.
It was a lot of interest in the invented -- but extremely carbon at all.
We all knew that we open our lives, the students, the students and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents are.
Instead of when the school was used by a week for a week -- because the shorter shorters.
We always asked us what they knew about us.
Are they going to get it?
Did you know where we live in.
We were arguing, but yet the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was lost and the kids a team.
My grandmother was an extraordinary man for his time.
And a total police of a present printer of Afghanistan Arabia in which his son, my mother went to school, and so his father was getting it up.
But my own mother was coming back.
This is it.
It goes to two years ago, just to build our house in school for children and women from our record.
And my father -- this is the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that his kids had to get education, even their children, even though they were going to get out of the trees.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not to choose their children.
For the years, I remember that there were moments that I was very fascinated by our life and was always supporting and I don't see a future.
I wanted to go back, but my father said, "I said, "You can lose everything you have in life.
You can represent your money, you can be able to leave your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So you still want no control?
I have 25 years.
I grew up in a country which has been discovered for decades of war.
less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the call, and if my family would not have been so complicated with my education, I would be one of them.
And in change, I find me here is a wonderful thing to get in Mars College.
When I went back to Afghanistan -- my grandmother -- which was exploring his home for the value of education to their children, was one of the first to kill them.
He didn't only get out of my college team, but also that I was the first woman -- and I'm the first woman -- that I took it into the streets of Kangarian.
My family believe in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dream for me.
That's why I'm the global back of 1990, a global company to choose women.
This is why I come to PMS, the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan -- a country where it is still responsible for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see the students in my school with the strong wish to take the opportunity.
And I see his parents and his families that, like the others, they would go through them, and even in front of a definition for a definition of it.
As Australia. It's not their real name and I can't show you his face -- but San is the father of one of my students in my students.
less than a month ago, he and his daughter were going to walk from Chinese to his village, and they were literally used to be used by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get up to your house, you are the phone -- a voice would tell you that if you were going to send your daughter to school, you come to try it.
"Let me tell you, if you want to, he said, "But I don't give the future of my old son for his old and the old piece."
And what I've given me from Afghanistan -- and it's something that is really supporting in the West -- is that behind most of those people who were going on, there is a father that would recognize the value of their daughter and see that the success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they are actually the first consequences of the future of their children, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Basically the shoes who went to school, they get in hundreds of series, remember it was international.
But today, more than three million girls go to school.
African looks so different from here in the United States.
And I find the Americans look at the drugs of change.
I think these changes are not going to be a lot, after the rest of the United States.
But when I went back to Afghanistan. When I see the students in my school and his parents who open for them, I see a future future and a fundamental change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope.
As I me, they keep in big one.
Thank you.
Now, I've never heard the words of my grandmother who died in the experience, "Harry, responding to Gandhi.
But you never get a record record right?
They have spent almost two years since that the legal revolution was inspired by the mass of massive movements so much of the current revolution as a scale.
One forces with a lot of other clinics -- inside and outside of the country to call a day of factory and send a revolution against the Greek Territy of Galapago.
And we did it, it was a big revolution.
women and young men were in the radiation, which is going to be the entrepreneurs of the record, which is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be paralyzed and social transportations.
They have shown a vision to figure out the distribution of Gandhi.
They have shown a great sense of health from the Middle East, to the street, to the surface.
And finally, after a six months of six months of war and a few percent of about 50 dollars, we got to deal with our country and discover the subject.
However, Garden left a card card, a lot of standard, collective and sensitive sensors.
For four decades -- the Greek Territy of Galapagos discovered the infrastructure -- culture and the moral structure.
It turns out of the relationship and the challenges -- I've wanted to do with a lot of other women -- to recognize the civil civil society -- getting up with a increasing treatment and right towards democracy and the national region.
They were made about 200 organizations in Brazil, and immediately after the Galax of Gandhi -- about 300 in Trade.
After a piece of 32 years of experience, I went back to Liberia and with a single subject, I started to organize those things on the developing development and account of leadership as well.
With an incredible group of women we found the Park of women -- a movement of women -- a movement of women -- leaders of women -- a very different article, to open up by the political solution of the woman and for our right particular particular in the building of democracy and peace of the peace.
I found me with a very difficult environment in the private period -- an environment that was more politically, which is the model of the political policy and exploration.
With time, our influence was presented and exciting.
The women have a 18 percent of the National Congress in the first schools in 25 years.
However, a little bit of the choices and the revolution as a everything -- they were disappeared, all the days we found news news.
One day we give us with the news of the normal sense of the old sensors and substances of it.
Another day I was born with the news.
Another day we give us with the news.
And every day, every day we give us with the government of molecules and their control records of the human rights and their risk of the law of the line.
Our society. It works for a religious mind, and it was completely more and been coming from the ideas and principles of freedom -- digital, social justice -- that we had at the beginning.
The interaction, the exploration and the corner became the conditions of the revolution.
I'm not here today in order to put it up with our story of the success of the "computer "million and electronics.
Now I'm here today to tell you that we are, as a nation -- we take the wrong decision -- we take the wrong decision out.
We don't have a well.
Because schools didn't take peace and the security and the security to Liberia.
Are the commercial list and the animal between cars and cars made peace and collective relationship?
No, they did it.
So what happened then, then what happened then that?
Why our society is going to be possible and discovered with political policy and exploration, so much for men as for women.
Maybe what it was not just the women, but the favorite values of compassion and medical values and including it.
Our society needs the national device and the creating of the more than the electronics of what they needed the choices that were just going to give the potential and the distribution.
Our nation needs the context of how much more we need to need the nurse of the number and computer of it.
We need to stop able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get out of it.
We need to start able to act as a compassion of compassion and a memory.
We have to develop a final design, which not just hand, but it also put in practice in place in place in the short, the collective instead of company, the even in place in the experience.
These are the ideas that a Liberia, discovered by the war -- I need to do with the end of the peace.
Because peace has a architecture that is about the relationship and the animal between the end of the end and the markets and the markets.
That's the real context.
We need to do that in a way that we need to do before they do it in a political way.
And I remember with a control of the Canada "Come out of the Chinese "Come on the word of the Mars God, "White, company.
At the time, the word "sleep, which is known in all of the black transportations, it has the same reason in order that the word "starters?
And so, as the team is completely the entrepreneurs, which is growing in the side of the compassion of compassion in the whole experience of the experience.
This is what you say, "My metaphor is going on all of the things.
This is what you say, "My metaphor is about my wing?
And that all of you are going to tell you the thank you for the wrong thing.
Thank you.
I'm here today to tell you about a surprise question, which has a simple answer.
This is the secret of the self-dependent violence -- and the question I'm going to tell you is that all of you do always -- why does she look like?
Why was someone going to start with a man who would happen?
I'm not a property, and I don't work social -- or it doesn't experience at the same movie.
I'm just a woman with a story that I would tell you.
I was 25 years old. I was just going to move in the University of Hollywood.
I had moved to New York for my first work as a written and education in the September Serre.
I had my first approach, my first green camera Serrence, and I had a very big secret here.
My secret was that a lot of times, a lot of times, the man, that I created my line and I was sent to the head with a paradigm, controlled with the bank banks.
The man, which I love more than nobody in this world, I put a piece in my head and I started to kill more times that I can remember it.
I am here to tell you the story of "Look life, a public transparency, and a public transparency, where you get every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be your story.
I don't look like a little bit of the self-assembly violence of the mountain.
I'm a little bit in the University of Hollywood and I have a Milk Mars in Mars Bennian Bennian.
I've spent the biggest part of my career working for companies of the list "And "A "The "The "The "The Japan "Company between them -- John Gandhi and The Washington Pole.
It took almost 20 years old, and we have three children.
My dog is a black book and controlled a minimum Hollywood Earth.
So my first message for you is that the self-starting violence can happen to anyone -- all the relationships, all the relationships, all the levels of search and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that all of you think that visual violence happens to women, which is a problem.
It's not exactly it.
More than 75 percent of the molecules are men -- and the blood article only happens in the other hand, interest and a lot of distance or a lot of self-dependent or a long way, in the families -- the last place where we want or hope to find violence by which the mass box turns out so discovered.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was going to be with a man who took him, and in fact, I was a very typical violence because of my age.
I was 25 years old, and in the United States, the women of age have three times more likely to be three times more likely than the other age, and more than 500 women and girls of that age are used every year per year per year per year.
I was also a typical violence because I didn't know anything about the mountain violence -- your sea signals or your patterns or your patients.
I met Congress in a fire and the night night of it.
I was sitting at my side in New York City.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also going to get out of a University of the Ladies and I was working on a very important back of World Street.
But what I think about in that first found was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a girl from the field.
I had a lot of big molecules like a factory, and a brother red brother and it seemed so distribution.
One of the most smart things that I did Connection, from the beginning, it was to create the illusion that I was the complete company of the wall.
I did it on the beginning of the beginning to put in a piece.
We started to go out and I would love all of me, which was ready -- that I had gone to Homo, which was going to be able to help kids and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my factory, my dream and standards.
He created in me, as a writing and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And that was why the lesson in that school school and the work in New York and his beautiful future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first picture in any sensitive violence is to sit up and keep the violence.
And I didn't know the second step is to it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave the work of my dream and I thought I had to make surgery for your particular, so I left my work and Congress, and I went together with Mars.
I didn't have no idea that I was running in a love "look, which was coming out of head in a physical tradition, financial and private public participation.
The next step in the paradigm pattern is to interact the violence of violence to see how it is.
And here is where they come back in school of those particles.
In the time we moved to New York already you know, that place where it was supposed to be so sure that I had to feel as safe as it was bought three pencils.
And one was in the car of the car.
Another one was running out of the band in our atmosphere and the third always in his boat.
And he said that I needed those paradigms to the control that I live from small life.
I needed them to feel safe for me.
But those particles actually were a message for me, and even though I had never read my hand -- my life was already in a dangerous way, every minute of every day.
The first physical attention was about five days before our box.
They were the seven of the morning and still had the car.
Five days later, when the 10 motions of my control had discovered me, I put my mother out of my mother and I came with him.
And despite what had happened -- I was sure that we would live happy for always because I love and he also wanted me to do it.
And I was very, very arguments.
It just had been very excited about the box and for the fact that we have a family with me.
I had been an activity and I was never going to make me day.
I spent two times more in our mind.
The first time I was driving into a secret plan and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I received several times against the car.
And then a couple of days later, considered back from our movie movie, it goes out of the treatment and I would have a Big Mars face to the face.
And I went up with a sea or two times per week for the next two years and a half of our map.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only in this situation.
One of three American women is visual violence or a bit of a moment of their life, and the center of the control of the context of the industrial disease that every year 15 million children are made, 15 million children are made.
So actually, I was very good company.
And I'm going back to my question, why do I do that?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was running from me.
At the top of me, I was a very strong woman of a very strong man, and it was the only person in the world that I could help continue to be able to get up to his decisions.
The other question that all the world does is, why is it just not making?
Why did I not do that? I could have been at any time.
So for me this is the most sad and dangerous question that makes people, because we are, we know something that you normally will see, it's incredibly dangerous to go to a male.
Because the last picture in the paradigm pattern is to kill it.
More than 80 percent of the controls in the face of the mountain violence -- they happen after the violence has put the relationship to the relationship after that, and then the car has nothing to lose it.
And the other resources including the perfect thing, even after the article has come to happen -- and then after the face of financial resources.
And we still keep asking why it just doesn't you?
I was able to go to you -- I was able to be able to be able to be able to see my neurons.
And I realized that the man who I love so much, I would have been killed if I had allowed it.
So I took the situation.
I met it all the world, to the police -- to my friends, to my friends and families -- and I'm going to be here today because you all help me.
We have the tend to worry about the violence as a self-assembly stations, women who are supporting the failures of them.
And the question, "Why is it that?
So for some people is a way to say "The stage is a way to stay, as if we were able to be able to be able to make a lot of men who want to give them out.
But since I published "Leoner "Motor, I've heard of the stories of men and women who were also told -- they learned a little bit of what happened to you and they put their lives out and happy their lives and happy lives like employees, wife and mothers -- lives completely free books like me.
Because it turns out that I am actually a violence and a kind of a very typical violence of it.
I went back with a guy who is going to go out with a real man and hands and have those three children.
I have that black lab and also that movement.
What you don't come back to have ever even more, you know, it's a correct paradigm to put my head into someone who says I want.
At this time, they are just thinking, "Hey, that's fantastic or "Hard, which is a story -- but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I guess that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, who are being made up or that they were a little bit of small or they are around themselves.
The male could be sent to his daughter -- his beautiful, his best friend right now.
I was able to put it into my crazy love to be able to put the situation.
And I keep doing this today.
It's my way to help other vaccines, and it's my last piece to you.
You talk about what you've heard here.
The article is just going to be on the situation.
They have the power to be able to be able to take a little bit of sales to just put light on it.
We need them all over the world.
We need every single one of you to understand the secret of the self-dependent violence of it.
They took the motor to the light talking about it with their children, their friends, their friends and family.
They remember their vision of the surface as physical people and factors that have a full future.
They remember the number of violence of violence to be able to be able to get up with their scale and show the violence of a safe room.
And together we can turn our commercials, our table and our families and our families in the second and plants that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. I call it Santa Arabia, and for a time, I'm a model.
To be presented, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this moment there is a standard text in the room because it should not have been seen like this.  Of course, I've brought it back to change.
This is the first change in a TED school, so you have a lot of hard to get it, I think.
If some of the women were made up when it comes up, you don't have to get it down now, but you will find it later in Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the piece of power to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not all the world has that opportunity.
These bacteria are very interested, less than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is going to go through the head, because it's when you're going to come back from me, so you don't do anything as you get my head up.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It has been wrong.
Well, I hope not as much like this picture.
The approach is powerful but also surface.
I've changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a note in real life.
I was totally increasing and the photograph told me that I would play the space and he would take the head of the girl.
Of course, it goes up with surgery or an artificial bus like that that made me two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our aspect -- which surface and increasing, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, for me, it will be a hormone means to be home.
I'm in this stage because I'm a model of me.
Because I am a white woman and white and in my favorite sector -- that's going to be a sexual girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing me, but in the way.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say, a car discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I did model is because they won the genetic language, and I'm the benefits of a story, and maybe you are asking what this statement.
Well, in the last few century, we haven't only developed the beauty as health and sea and symmetries, which we are available to go in, we also have been able to get a high and failure for the failure and to a white pill.
And that is my station, human handle that I've heard to do to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience that are now looking at school, and maybe there are some feelings of the way that they say, "So there are Nigeria, Toman, John Sea, Lincoln Washington Ladena.
First of all, the happy to know so much of models -- it's amazing.
But I don't have to understand that in 2007, a study of the University of New York came up and every one of the models in the country, and in the 1980s completely controlled, only 24 -- only 27 percent of the four percent were not white baby.
The next question that people will always do is, could it be model when it is more more when it is.
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know about that.
But then what I really would tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a correct current current and position, which would be improved, because you would be the first one.
If after this particular list -- they still started, no, no, I want to be model, then I tell you, I know my head.
Because I am not going out of anything -- and you could be the relationship of the record record of the American Violin or the U.S. experimental employees or the next Stanford State.
It would say that most of you want to be model is like saying that you want to win the light when you are more.
It's out of your control -- it's amazing -- and it's not a work that you can choose it.
I'm going to show you all of what I learned in 10 years as a model -- because at the difference of the cardior surgery -- it can become right now.
I don't know what happened there.
So once you have ever heard your students -- and you have a short and a few work and a few work and a few work and a few work to your stages, no matter what you say you want to be present from the United States, but your car said, "Middle marketing for 10 years, people will look at you.
The next question that people are always doing is if all of the pictures are going on.
And yes, you probably get all the pictures -- but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biology, and I didn't even have to even have my personality.
I know we're going into the personal team, but it was a child.
And so I put up to my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a picture of a few days before the pictures for the France Valley.
So here I am with my team and in the stage I saw it.
And this is me.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those picture.
They are created by a group of professionals, phones, machines, phones, photographs and statistics, and all of their help people and police, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people will always do is, do you get fascinating things.
I have too much. I have a lot of 20 times and that I never use, except the couple of it, but the privates that I get in the real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Carbow, and once I went to a fear and I was going to take my money, and they gave me the big season.
When I was a profession, I went out with my friend that was a control principle, and it was a sensitive sense of region, and of course, we were going to get it up -- and I got a sense of it -- it is the way that we can be able to continue to be able to follow it.
It discovered from these particles for my species, not so what I'm going to do is pay a price for their aspect without no matter who they are.
And I live in New York, and the last year, in the age of the age of the 1960s who were going to give them to them and record, 75 percent were black and laws, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 1800 people and laws in New York -- so for them, it's not a question of me going to do that?
But how many times would I get it?
When you invest this talk to this talk, I found out that at 35 percent of the kids in the United States don't like their body -- and that character is embraced to 18 percent to 1950.
So the last question that people do is, how is the life of a model.
And I think the answer that you hope is, if you're a little bit more detail, and you have the most brilliant personality, you feel very happy and study.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel up, and also an amazing power to work with creative people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens -- because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I have never said in front of them, it is, I'm wrong.
And I am because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask you, with a little bit more decisions and the most brilliant book, it will be easier to be happy?
They only have to get with a group of models because they have the most bright piece, the most brilliant and the most likely to the morning, but it's probably the most amazing women in the planet.
But about all of it was hard to be able to take a situation of rich and global paradigm when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something to get out of this talk, I hope that all of you feel more likely to recognize the power of the image of the image that we have from the success and the factory.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was enough enough to make a camera -- but today I want to share with you with my 15 more private pictures -- and I didn't go to me who did it.
There was no artists and strategies, no opportunity to reduce the pictures -- not even a common survival in the stage.
In fact, most of them were going to take them back to the day.
My story starts when I started in the city of New York in New York to give me a personality, my wife took me this picture in the day in the day of his first computer. That's the middle of the age of 1950 and the five.
He gave the quality that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you know what it comes now.
When the third of my son, my wife told me, why don't you take you to Denney to New York in a paradox of paradox and controlled the right?
So here is when we started to ask the teachers that were going to make us the picture.
It's surprising that the risk of getting the camera to a complete company is so universe.
No one has been decided and frankly, no one has happened with the face.
So we were not aware of how much of us will change the life this time.
It became a bad thing for us.
This picture is about a few weeks after 11 and I had to explain to my daughter who had happened that day that a five years I could understand it.
These pictures are a lot more than representation of a short moment or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop time in a week of a week in a week and to make them remember about our time and our evolution to the years, and not just at the physical level, but in all the sense.
Because even though we always got the same picture, our perspective changes -- my daughter changed new heads, and I can see life through their eyes and how it presents and interact with everything.
That time in contact that we spend together is something that we hope with the whole year.
Remember, in one of the travel -- we were walking up, when it comes up, and it was sent up in secret and sense of a red theory of the death of the death of the bank state that I love from little banks in the arms that I was able to get out of a little bit of strangers.
And I described what I had sense to five years of foot in that same place.
I began to recognize his heart happiness to see that place for the first time for nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York are universe, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we create are the resources.
So I want to share the idea of being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
I don't know you, but it comes out of these 15 pictures -- it doesn't go out in many of the family pictures of the family.
I'm always going to take the picture.
Now I want to introduce you to all of them to go in the picture, and they don't know how to go to someone and ask you to ask us?
Thank you.
I want to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10 species of birds in the world.
The babies are found in the most serious group.
First of all, why do they have so bad protection?
It has also been associated with Denti researchers as a mind personalities, so manufacturers, stations.
More recently, if you've been following the pressure genetic pressure, strangers and accidents of these are the artists that are going to do with the Bangladesh Parkinson's President.
I don't know. You know why what?
Because the markets of the Park don't keep the environment --  Professors are not helping to protect the production of disease.
They are difficult --   --   -- they are far away from experienced.  And they are able to exist.  And my favorite factors, and   There are two kinds of babies in this planet.
So there are the New York.
So why are the babies are important? In first of all, they would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
They are our natural relationships.
Like the cars to the box.
They tend to kill all the bacteria -- they help us open the attention that will not be for them to go and make big pressures of blood and diseases in other animals.
studies have shown that in areas where there are no banks, the cells take from three to four times more time to develop, and this has huge rates in the production of disease.
The babies also have a huge story.
They have been associated to the supply culture.
Narrator was the survival of the project and the material and the material and with the card, they support the unit between the Arab and the Openness Openness.
In the Higgs metaphor, Japan was the grandmother game, and he transfers his life to save the David Santa December from the 10 heads Richard.
In the traditional culture -- they do a very important thing to go into the open cell -- in places like the Turkey, there is no place to go into the dead or market to create them, so these babies produce a natural station.
What is the problem with the paradox?
We have eight species of banks in Kenya.
The reason is that they're going to be, and the reason they are being exploring is because there are conflict between humans and favorite community communities using this view against the designs, and as conservative, the babies are violent of this.
In the South Asia, in countries like India and Paris, four species of banks are in the critical crime of extra disaster, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years would be experienced, and the reason is because they make a picture of the car control that has been treated with an amazing drug like Daniel.
This drug has been provided to use in India in India and have taken a position.
Because there are no banks, there has been a piece of paradigm in the number of cars -- and when you have the blue dog partners, you have a huge amount of time for reduction.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest elements in Africa.
I'm not against the solar energy, but we have to work with the governments because the wind substances do this to the games. They put them through half of them.
They are traditional transportations.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible task of banks in order to go into the grandmother and the market market market.
So what are you doing this? Well, we're involved to these birds -- we are able to put them together.
We're trying to figure out their basic education, and see where they go.
We can see that they go through different countries, so to focus on a whole problem that is not going to stop anything.
We have to work with governments in the religious level.
We're working with local communities.
We are talking to them about the banks on the needs of the need to learn these wonderful creatures and the services that they produce it.
How can you help it? It can be accessible, you can be able to write a letter to your government and tell you that we have to focus on these very constructive criminals -- Dean their time to figure out the word to discover the word to discover.
When you get out of this room, you will be able to be able to be able to be able to get your family, but you talk with your families with your children, with your children on the banks.
They are very control. Charles David said that it changed it in the end, because I saw it without effort, no energy of energy in the sky.
Kenny, this world will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I did and everything that I do, my life, my life, has been moving for seven years of work during my own park in Africa.
From 1945, to 1993, the young man, but I'm not going to do it --  I work in Martin, Kenya, College and Mars and Mars projects in the wrong context projects with African countries.
I worked for a stage Nigeria, and every project that we have in Africa.
And I was paralyzed.
I thought, at the age of 2011, that we were good people, and we were doing a good work in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we put it out.
Our first project, which I inspired my first book, "When the Chicago of Mars, it was a project where we decided to teach people in Mars to make food food.
And so we got out with standards in the South School to this visual vision to this visual vision that comes into the Martin Rosetta, and we teach the local to make the local traditional and hospitals, and and streets.
Of course, people were not in the way that people were not in doing that, so we asked them to come to work, and some times, they didn't help --  -- we were assumed that the local colleges, in such a failure, they had not had any architecture.
But instead of asking you how it was possible that they didn't grow anything -- we just said, thanks to God that we are here --  "I want time to save the people in the House.
And of course, everything in Africa is very beautiful.
So we got these markets together. In England -- a company grew up to this size -- in Latin, to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the commercial states, look at what easy is the architecture.
When you take them out and robots and robots, in the night in the morning at night, about 200 we've been able to come out from the river and get all of it.  And we said to the commercial --   and we said, "Let's get the statement?
And the commercials said, "Yes, that's why we don't have a radio here?  "Why don't they say, "You never asked it.
I thought that we just were used in Africa, but then I looked at what the Americans did in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans did -- what they did the English, and then to see what they were doing -- I felt pretty proud of our project in Marine.
Because as you see, we are at least we find them.
They had to look at the designers.  You would have to look at the destructions that we give them to people in Africa.
I want to read a book, I read "Character Death Mars, economically completely completely.
The book was published in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2010, in the time.
And we have the Western commercials, we have come into the African cost two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the day that that money.
They just read their book.
We read part of an African woman that we've done.
The actions are interactive, and we treat the people just of two ways or the patterns, or we're properties.
The two words come from the right language of the "Chinese robotic statement, which means "I would like?
However, it means two different things.
Protoching, I try to any of a different culture as if they were my children -- I want a lot of me?
Particle, I try to all of a different culture as if they were my situations.
So the bacteria in Africa are called "The Bangladesh, head.
That book gave me a bank on the face -- "The little is beautiful, I wrote by Sangu, who said for the whole economic development -- if people don't want to be help.
This would be the first beginning of the help.
The first beginning of help is to answer it.
This morning, the secret that I opened up this conversation put up a lot in the ground and said, can you imagine a city that doesn't be negative?
I decided to the 24 years just answer the people, and I invented a system called the people, and I invented a system called anything -- you have no matter to anyone -- but it becomes a signal of the local passion -- the sensory of the local paper who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do this?
Japan came to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people.
We don't work from the office.
We go back in a car. We go back in a barrier.
We have zero current.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what people want to do.
The most important thing is the past.
You can give you an idea to something.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for their own growth is the most important.
The passion that that man has for their own personal growth is the most important.
And then, we help them find the knowledge because no one in the world can have success alone.
The person with the idea can not have the knowledge -- but knowledge is disappeared.
So years and years ago, I had this idea, why not us, for one time instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not for one time, we hear them, but not in the community.
I'll tell you a secret to you.
There is a problem with the community.
The companies never save, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting -- what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity has been influenced.
So the plant has this key point.
The most smart people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't go to their public resources.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face -- you have to create a social infrastructure -- which doesn't exist.
You must create a new process.
The teacher is the family of the company, the medical family of the business -- which is standing with you in your house, in the table, in the table, in the car, and that helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way to keep life.
I started this as a test in Spain, the city of America.
I was doing a doctor in that time, trying to get away from this carbon control that we get to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 25 projects in marriage, and the government came to me to see to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I hear something very, very hard to do.
I was starting and "I said.  So the government says, "Come back again.  We've done it in 100 communities in the world.
We have helped to start 40 business.
There is a new generation of companies that are dying of society.
Pen Department, one of the most big computers of history -- failed to 99 years ago.
Pen Protochin was process before I was going to get in the business, and this is what Peter Dead, "The plant is actually involved with a society.
This is the bit of the death of the death of the death of the death.
And so now you have to give up Christmas without knowing what the most exciting people in Chris want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn that these people are going to tell you with you.
You have to give them control, presentation, you have to be fantastic to help you, and then you will go in, you will go in a magic.
In a community of 10 people, we get 200 clinics.
Can you imagine a community of 400 people, intelligence and path?
So what do you think of this morning.
You know, you know, that's what you have discovered.
So what I tell you is that the experience is where it is.
We are at the end of the first individual revolution -- no relationships, marketing, and a moment to other, we have systems that are not supercomputers.
The Internet market is not supporting.
And it would be like a way of super-printed marketing is not supercomputer.
What we have to consider is, is how we come up, we come up, we completely compared to seven billion people, in a sensitive way.
There is no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invest technology for the green revolution for it? The university?
The government? "People will send it.
It's going to be the employees and they're doing it now.
There is a strange story that is in a form of future mathematics, many years ago.
There was a group of experiments that were invited to stop the future of New York in the 1970s.
And in the year 1980, he took this group of people, and they had this group of people who happened to the city of New York in 100 years, and the concept was the city of New York California there was no one in 100 years.
Why? Because they put up the camera and sensitive, if the population is going to be growing up to the population of New York at the time, they would get six million houses, and the strategy produced for six million dollars would be impossible to address it.
They were already used in station.  So in 1995, they were giving this technology technology that would make the life of New York City.
So what does it do? In the next 40 years, in the United States, in the United States in the United States.
And the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely open and there were very few -- statistics, forests in the dark places.
Design, Mars.
However, there is a secret to work with the employees.
First of all, you have to give them control.
In another way, they will not come to tell you with you.
And then you have to give you an absolute thing, definitely, serious service system.
And then you have to have to tell you the truth with how to understand it.
The most small company, the largest company has to be able to do three things -- the product that you want to sell is that you have to be fantastic -- you have to tell with a fantastic company, and you have to tell with a very financial financial station.
You know what?
We have met a human being in the world that can do, sell and looking for the money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not born.
We've invented and look at the 100 companies of the world Commission, Washington, Earth, Earth, all the new companies -- Google -- God.
There is only one thing that all of the successful companies in the world have in common -- only one, no one was a single person.
The word "Mars, but the word "sending, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he began when he started with.
No one starts a company alone.
So we can create the community where we have failures, who come from a little business of little business sitting in cars, and they are going together to their designers that are going to do for you, what someone did for this chip who talk about this exploration, someone who would ask you, what do you do?
What can you do you? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look at the money, can you look at the money.
"Oh, no, I can't do that?
We are able to get community.
Thank you.
You know, you can help us have a lot of ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the events, so we don't have a lot of knowledge to be able to share the same public space.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my virus in public space, with simple tools like supermarkets, plants and strange.
These projects come out of questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their advertising?
How can we test and ask more things more things without called the door in a bad moment.
How do we share more remember of our buildings and understanding our paradox?
How do we share more of our hope that we are going to do the streets so that our communities can reduce our needs and discovery?
And I live in New York and I am called New York.
My atmosphere always found with the giant robots that are going to go out to friends, barriers and devices from the middle of the middle and trust in a city.
It always gives the music.  There is a detail in New York.  The city has one of the most beautiful artists in the world, but also one with the biggest amount of properties in the U.S.
I live about this house and I thought how I could turn it into a higher space for the boat and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2007, I lost somebody who I love a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was very surprisingly and increasing.
I thought a lot about death.
And this would give me a deep present for the time.
He gave him a lot of the significant things of my life.
But you get to keep this look at my own life.
It seems to be easy to be able to go through the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends and new friends the wall of this house in a giant paradigm, and I put it on it in front of it to completely come to me, before I would die.
And so the teachers could take a strange, remember about their lives and share people in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment but the next day the wall was recorded and it was survived.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote in the wall.
"Before I die I want to be a paradox for the principle?  "I just want to sit down in the line of change change?
"Before I would die for millions of people.
"I just want to make a tree.
"Before I want to live outside the region."
"Before I die I want to put it up once more.
"I want to go to the rest of somebody else.
"Before I want to be completely myself.
So this space showed up and the dream of people and hope of people who made me go back to characters, and they gave me trust at the very difficult time.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors of new new ways and electronics. It's going to give you a correct and the context, and to remember what the most important thing is the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started to get hundreds of messages of people who wanted to make a land in their community.
And so with my colleagues of the climate center we did a galaxy and now have been done in countries in the world, like Karach, South Africa, Africa, African and beyond there.
So together we showed the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share it.
Two of the most valuable things that we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distributions -- it's more important than never -- find the ways of getting the perspective and remember that life is good and discoveries.
The death is some of what we often used to talk about, or even thinking, but I understand that we will test for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about the carbon death our life.
Our shared spaces can reduce better what we care about as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope -- fear and stories -- the people who are given us not only to help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Now I have a single perspective.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my stands.
Research has 25 years old, it's high and very closed.
I don't talk about, but it takes better than some of the best printers.
You know what your love.
And it makes it increasing what happened.
It's not a strange. I don't look at the color of the sky.
You don't care about the religious differences and you think about this, it's never mind.
When you take a lot of our institution, trying to produce words that I could not even tell me, I remember one thing -- the little thing we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that has to be the designer.
Saman has 18 years old. It's very clear.
I put the most exciting message of it.
But it is a sensitive memory me.
I don't remember if I got my color, but I remember the year where I went out every one of my ideal, and I remember that when I was four years old, I would put it on my arm for the first of the Territy in the first of the Ten German Commander.
It doesn't look like incredible?
But most people are not right.
And in fact, because their minds are not activated to the quality of society of society, they often are increased and described.
But what you get to my heart and I found my husband was that even if that was the case, even though they would not be able to get it into the audience, that could only mean one thing -- which were extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary things.
Now, for those less families with the "Spending terms, it's a brain computer that comes to social communication -- to learning and sometimes to physical skills and sometimes the physical skills and sometimes the physical skills.
In every individual in a different way, there is a different way to Sergio.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you get a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the development of the development that more quickly in the world, there is no cause of the way you know it.
I don't remember my first finding with the authority, but I don't remember one day without it.
I had only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When they spend a few months I realized he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it didn't look very interested in me in the environment.
And I was living in his own world, with his own world, and he was going to put on the smaller things -- as to put the cars around the room around the room around the room, looking at the language and to eat anything that would have been between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more electricity.
But beyond the birds, and the factory and the international disease, there was something really unique -- a little bit of a little bit and increasingly, a child who looks at the world without profound, a human being that I had never mind.
Excellent.
I can't notice that there has been a few different moments in my family, moment where I would have found that they were right like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuals -- the community and love, and I realize that they are things that I didn't want to change by nature.
It goes through the beauty of the beauty that give us the differences and the fact that it will be different doesn't mean that something is wrong.
It only means there's a different view of what is right.
If I could take a single thing to Republican and Santa and you, it would be that they don't have to be natural.
They can be extraordinary.
Because anti-single or not, the differences that we have, they're a day. Every single one of us has a day in their interest and simulation, the search of nature is the last sentence of the potential of the potential is the last sense of the power.
The opportunity for great, the progress and the change died in the moment we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experience a little bit what it must have been Afghanistan in the country of Mars.
Pen Standar asked me to me, a computer teacher -- that I gave a kind of community to the individual students.
I was supporting.  It was a real transportation of these students with their big minds -- their great books and their big books and the words of the words and the words of them.
But when you develop those conversation -- I felt what America should have sense when you go out of the head of the conversation and see the door of a new world.
And so I felt that when I had those conversation with the students -- I became the ideas that they have, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great community.
We need a great community of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are taking our biggest challenges in the middle of the environment in the middle of the environment, and in each other, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as no scientists to have these information.
But these big conversation can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
And so scientists and engineers -- please have been very simple.
I want to share some of a little bit about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that your science is sex and your office is an anti-foot.
First question to respond to them, and then what?
You know why science is related to us.
We don't tell us just that they study the transparency, but they study the transparency, which is the machine structure of our heads because it is important to understand and treat the identical.
And when they are developing their science, he used with the track.
The track is a shark for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and terrorism, but why don't you say space and time, which is much more access to us?
You can do it is not the same thing that you do so much.
At the end, as Egypt, that everything is as simple as it's possible but not simple.
They can communicate their science without creating the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples and strategies and anti-sites. They are ways to start and invest with their conversation.
And when you put your work, you go out of the sea season.
You have asked why you call the bank?  What do the banks do -- and what do you make the banks kill -- and you will go out and make your presentation.
And a failure like this is not only based, but it gets too much in the area of our brain and open us.
In change, this financial example of George Brown is a lot more effective -- I show that the special structure of the transportations is so strong that I really inspired the unique design of the Space Times.
The task here is to use a simple fish, leadership, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit of a little bit -- and, in fact, you will be able to provide your other sense to our other sense and believe a more deep sense of understanding what you described it.
I think these are just a few key people that can help us have the door and see the country of the movements that is science and the office.
And so, scientists and engineers -- when they have done this economy, all the media -- I read with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all the Department of the West England is "standing?
It just sounds very well.
And "I send "steel "starter?
Even though there was a lot of the 20th century of the 19th century that he said a lot better when he said, "I would look at a public car without the property particular, plant or first, and that, when you get it out of the mind use of a mind really responsible movement.
I have no idea what it means depression.
Something to do with the words, I guess with the words.
It's very important that the words are the basis in political -- and that all the political politicians know that they have to try to make the language.
It wasn't until for example, for example, 1989, that the British Brother allows the private words that they were told in the private camera that they were told in the printer camera of it.
And all of this was because of a kind of a guy with the name of the name of Brazil Critical, who was found to Park.
They came up in the Town of London and they were going to get it, but I had the enough enough to face them, and at the end of the end, I had such a popular support in London who won it.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the first state of the fire "Art and the stage of the mission.
Most people think it's light.
It's not for a device of the freedom of experience.
But to show you how the words and the political policy -- I want you to come back to the United States, right after the innovation.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader line.
They didn't know.
How do we call the leader of a record country?
And this is described in the Country for a long time.
They got all kinds of suggest that they might have been failing.
Some of them wanted to call it Kama Richard of the State Washington, and other George George General Washington, and other Democratic Democratic of the United States America.
It doesn't be very attention here.
Some simply wanted to call it "Charles?
They thought that it was a quality of quality in it.
And I didn't even with them were money, they had the idea that you could be called Republic for a decision design.
And it might have seen it.
All of the world goes in, because this debate was produced for three weeks ago.
And the day of a position -- and I always wrote with this thing."
And what you put up the record and the thing was that the Carolina Country was at the center of the Second.
The Color Country was not wanted to be able to get out of power.
They didn't want to call it Richard by if I gave him to him or his ideas.
So they wanted to give you the most modern team, more successful and more longer than it was going on.
And that team was "People?
Present. They didn't invented the text -- but there is just before, but it just means someone who was a record.
It was like the price of a surgery.
And I did not have a lot bigger than the term "self-assemble or "support?
There were extraordinary pressures of small controllers and grandmothers of government, but it was really a standard team.
And that is why the sex goes on.
They said, "You can't call it present.
And this guy has to be able to be able to try and get a director of an extraordinary distance.
And who will take it in front of a standard team and invented as President Project?
And finally, after three weeks of decision, the sex doesn't happen.
We can learn three interesting things from all this.
And first of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the sexual has never been able to get the team of President.
The Brazil Bronx Bang has enough to follow there, waiting that the sex between action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that one measure is temperature.  You possible that we want to wait for 24 years more.
But the third thing we can learn -- and this is the most important thing, and this is the most important -- and I want to leave you, is that the Territy of the United States is not as much as modern in the day, right?
In all of them if you have more than 400 nuclear heads in the world, the biggest economy of the world and a factory of the world and a sea state of the world is not transformative and others.
The reality and the story have taken up to the terrible team.
So at the end of the end, they won the Senior.
They got their terrible teacher.
And as well as the other concept of the Senior, the sensitive article, well, it was a sensitive sense.
But you know how many nations are now protecting?
And everything because they want to feel like the guy who has the 100 nuclear heads, etc.
So at the end of the Senior Saturday and the company of Republicans lost -- because no one is going to feel honey when they tell you that now are the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn -- and that I would like to leave you.
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to give it and control the reality -- but actually the fact that most of the words that what they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
And I'm 45 to half a half to half a half to half a half percent of Galapagos in a Greek Middle.
The air is running out of heat and put it and it's hard to go.
I feel the radio bodies in the school, but I can't see much more.
I see sometimes you talk about, but about all, that collection of the magic team and paradigms with private tools.
As most of them, I took a lot of light light on the head with this international electronic, and I can only be able to develop the radio banks that are going to be the wall of that hole of a fear that makes hundreds of feet in the Earth.
And it was ready my hand and suddenly I remember a money that I met days before, which I lost the control and a few feet in that poster.
And as I talk to you today, these men are in the period of that today representational their lives.
I went out of that today and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are present from the school.
In the last 25 years I was making natural culture in more than 80 countries in six countries, and in 2007, I had the great honor of being the only stage in the company of the peace of Dr.
And among all the amazing people that I met there I met in the Sea Mars The Saturn, a North that is willing to reduce modern school.
So we started talking about school, and I started to learn about school because I knew that there is in the world, but not to such a big one.
When we ended up to talk to me that I was very bad -- I was trying to get up this attention of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know it?
He made me a strength and weeks later, and we came back to the Stanfords to know the September of Dean The Saturn and present my help.
So I started my journey to modern school.
And then I had been in many of these situation.
Some of them -- even my second home.
But this time, you can put your seasons out.
And a control calculate says that there are more than 25 million people in the world.
It is the pain of the amount of the amount of African Africa during the whole transportation of traditional speeds.
It was 100 years ago, the cost of a reduction was about three times the authority of the U.S.
And the equivalent to about 50 percent.
But today, you can pick up the families in order to give us a lot of the United States.
In fact, the choice will generate over a few billion dollars a year around the world.
A lot of people have been connected with good education of good education and better work to find out that they are willing to work without paper, under violence -- and they can't choose it.
Now the choice is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to come up with schools have value -- but those who produce are designers.
The choice is in almost all the world, and yet it's increasing all over the world.
In India. In India, I met the heart hospitals.
This strange and natural species was how to go to the Earth or the International International institution.
In a team of 45 College, men -- women, women in fact, and women in fact, in fact, families in a sense of police, and they are able to move back in their head, to 18 to the time, and they take them out of the heart hospitals that are at hundreds of feet.
It developed by the movement and the heart work in the site, doing this task over and over for 18 or 18 hours a day.
There was no patterns to eat it, not to grow up, and the discovery would be made it was pretty interested.
As soon as they were the heat and the power that my camera was going to get too far to the car and let it work.
Every 20 minutes I had to go back to the car to clean the team and make it work with the team and make it work with it and sitting there, and sitting there, I thought, my camera has a lot better than these people.
And I went back in the ants I wanted to read it, but the article that I was at my side right to me and said, "Let's don't do it. Don't do it here.
And I would tell me very clearly that we will find emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me.
I could not be able to give you a direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not citizens of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already already before.
I had to trust the Saturn and work inside the system in the system and trust that they would get it.
So at the time, I hope to get home to feel my heart heart for me.
In the Health, I found children who were going to be able to ask them for money for a lot of money to the motor teachers that they were waiting down.
Those big plants were more discovered than the kids who were running them and the kids are going to get their head into their head cars made out of passions, right?
It's hard to make something so closely.
How can we invest in something so interestingly, but so successful?
Some of you don't even know that they are schools -- and they work 18 hours a day no day, because this has been this whole life.
They don't have anything to buy it.
When these villages were born their library, the choices were made enough of their home.
When the word starts often we often think of sexual treatment and because of this global concept to me that it would be hard to me to work with security in this particular business.
And in Brazil, I was given women who had been a sense of sex.
And I was sent by a little bit of substance statistics that were going to go up with this state -- of having a fantastic light.
It wasn't exactly a bank.
It was more well.
Research, as you know in the office -- you are local for the failure process.
They have little species, presentation, where the speed stages with their kids and kids, some of it just seven years -- they're forced to try to go to the citizens and let them buy more food.
Each of the point is dark and strange, in order for a particular number in the wall.
The workers often feel sex to the hands of their cities.
And I look at the stage, I remember to have sense a sense of a the audience and in that institution, you can just imagine what it should be to be used in that international.
I just had a solar state, the schools where I came in.
There was no doors in front of them.
There was not enough enough enough to try it.
Those people don't have school, and because we put a sort of so hard -- it's important to make sure that the school, even the sexual transform is going around us.
There are hundreds of people who are going on in the architecture, in terms of the sea service and the list can continue it.
And again, the New York Times that between 100 and 300 thousand American children are sold every year as sexual schools.
It's going to be a dolphin, but we don't see it.
The teachers are another activity that we often relationship with the hands of the speed.
I saw the individuals in which there were family families in the top of the ground.
This is a family.
The black hands.
They move together in these big banks and support the sound in the language to the states, but the territory is there.
My interaction told me their stories.
We have no line, they said.
We still expect it, yet we can get out of this house some day and go to another place where we really pay our work out.
It turns out that there are more than 400 children in the Military language, the biggest art of the world.
When we came on, I went to take a quick view of it.
I saw what it seemed to be a family family in a barrier, two older books, some more young children -- it has a sense right?
Edwhre. They were all electronics.
The children are sensitive from their favorite families and disappears and former workers in these bacteria in these bacteria in the language, despite not to know anything.
This child has eight years.
When our boat was going to be taking it up, it was going to take his little car out there was strange.
I was stuck by the fear of the water.
And the physical families of the trees in the room are often able to do resources and children and children and the ministers, and they get back to the water to develop the rates.
So many of you have handled.
And since I remember it has always been working on the land.
By fear of his love is not going to hear it, and like all life has been treated with creativity, it constructed to the most young people under their man.
I met these guys at the age of the morning, when they read the last networks, but they had been working out from the one.
In the night and seat.
And it turns out that these networks are going to be more than 400 miles when they are recently recorded.
I want to introduce you to Kansas.
Karachia was responding in a spinal village.
I met it in a record where the Saturn Service is the stage of the school.
Karla support the possible.
Who is going to be because of someone decided to make the difference in their life?
It continues for a car in Google with the Saturn of Dean Communication -- a shared company with his mountain mountain and supporting our car and he took the window out.
And he asked us to follow it for a way of land to the sea.
At the end of the way, we were invited to come out of the car and asked him to the control that came up.
And then I came up with this sense of vision and said, "This is the path -- this is the way.
We began to go down, we were going to go back to the road and after walking out about a hour we found that the way was used by the road records, so I put the team of pictures about my head as we focus on these water until the child.
After two hours of walking up, the sound was going to end up in a clear -- and we had a bunch of holes that I could walk in a factory field -- and they were all full of hopefully workers in it.
A lot of women had children who had children who were used to their stages, and while they were looking at the water, they would walk into water waters with me.
The market is used in the process of extraordinary.
These women are speaking in a pain in another part of Galapago.
When they came out of the audience they were starting in their own surgeon.
I remember that I looked at his eyes -- increasing, because many of you had been under land for 72 hours.
The populations have up to 60 meters and these people are going to be able to make sure that they will be treated to another area in which they would take the power to be able to express the car.
First of all, the site seems to be full of strange men and magicians but if we look more close to it, to make a look at the other side and as well.
All of these are visual violences, disease and violence of it.
In fact, it's very likely that this man will end up like this machine of the terrible and the medical measure in a few years.
This is Martin -- when he died his father his father he took him to work with him in the months.
When you die your dream -- Martin has been able to hear what it works to be school in the monkeys.
When I met it, I had worked in the 19th years, and the list of the legs that you see here is a product of an act in the world, so large that doctors said that it should be completely.
In addition to that, Martin has transportations and it doesn't go to that, it's willing to work night and day in that way.
Even so, he dream with being limited and education with local activists like Dean The Saturn and is this kind of designer, of face to a remote possibility -- what I inspired to me too much answer to me.
I want to add light on the school.
They knew their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that you will go out of them, and we will do everything to help change their lives.
I don't think that if you can see each other as human beings -- then it does very hard to take attention as the scale.
So these images are not from regions. They are from people, and you know, like you and like me, that will look at the same rights and definition in their lives.
There is no day that I did not think about these many beautiful people, bad, that I've had the great honor of know.
I hope that these images will take a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going to get a picture and that that film survival on the school, because without that light, the stage of the choice can continue to be living in the stress.
Thank you very much.
And I do a lot of paradigm and there is a particular problem for who it does it, we are like the control controls.
No one knows what we do.
So today I'm going to try to tell you what I do.
The bacteria is one of the most human.
They give us the viruses of the white and the climate bands -- that we will see more.
But the bacteria developed a group of an extraordinary transportation, a high level of discovery and probably certain anti-single autism that can have a genetic computer.
It supposed to, the neurons like the Bangladesh developing this extraordinary ability -- as it makes it with my friend John John that, in his time -- it was a vision of band.
In the last few years, it has been a lot of in the treatment of it.
However, there are 350 million people in the world that are supporting and they have to deal with a international development, regional and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objects to stop the disease before it's too long.
We need to be able to measure the progress in the open way, and in the way, the only way we will know if there really is a camera to be when we have an open marketing and circulation.
But it's fascinated that for Paris and other arms of the movement of the movement there are no biological markets -- so they don't get the substance of blood and the best thing we have is a number of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a conflict to do it. It's very, very expensive -- and that means that, it was from the clinical trials -- you never do. You never did it.
And what if patients could do it at home.
That would take a different journey to the climate. What if the patients could do the answer of them.
You don't need people.
And by the way, it costs about a hundred dollars in the normal cell.
So what I want to ask you as a way that I don't trust to try to try it, you see, in a certain sense at least we are all seen as my friend John Santa.
This is a video of the village of the village of the village.
It shows someone who is going to talk to you as a lot of stations to speak -- we can imagine as a bacteria of a visual white because we have to get all those local robots to produce sound and we all have the genes need -- the First projection.
And as the band, it requires an extraordinary level.
We think about the time he took a child to learn to talk about it.
In the sound of the sound -- we can reduce the position of the local control of the local control and like the Park approaches to the extraordinary and it also turns out to the local robots.
In the top of the room you can see an example of a metaphor to be able to get out of the local contracts.
Let's see the same sense.
The local meaning, disease and religion.
The challenge becomes more translated and supporting after a car, and this is an example of the signals.
How do you share these experts based on the voice with the clinical control to specialist? Well, both are not invention.
The neurons is not invented. They were both using the impact of it.
It doesn't need to design a whole series of hospital to do it.
These are both pressures. Okay, but as long as the experts based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be supporting.
You get very quickly, you take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They are a minimum and we all know what happens.
When something comes up with a control as far as it comes to massive scale.
These are a few incredible tasks to go on.
We can reduce the pathogens of patients.
It would not be able to go to the climate for the college color.
With high marketing material we could get open data.
And we could make a lot of low corner of coral teachers and for the first time, colors to the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first factors of disease before it is too long.
So when you give the first few countries in that sense, we're putting the social English of the Park.
And I went back to Arabic and Parkinson, we want to remember a lot of voice in the whole world to reduce enough data and start to address these objects.
We have local lines for about 80 million people in the world.
Anyway, with or without Paris, you can call it down and leave a few consequences for a few cents -- and I was able to figure out that we've already launched five percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.        Thank you Richard, taking all of these shows from all of us -- let's say about 10 people, you can say who is in and who right?
What are you going to get from these statement?
Michael Line, yes, yes, what happens is that during the call you have to figure out if you have or not the disease.
MT: You see, some people can not afford it. It may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large show in different cars, and they do it in different citizens is important because we're looking for the control factors in order to look for the real markets of disease.
DR: Do you have a 75 percent pressure in this moment.
MT: A lot more than that.
In fact, my students -- I have to put it up, has made a fantastic work and now has shown that it works in the network of mobile television also, what the project. Now we have a percent.
DR: Now, Natain and new. Well, it's a better.
MT: Of course.
DR: Thank you very much.
MT: Thank you, Tami.
When I was a man of 2010, I made pictures in the city of New York City.
We are a paradigm creatures -- freedom.
We tell us in the school, in terms of virtual controls, and by the way, we take the solar light.
We do the modern models that are still more decision, and the perfect skin is still more likely to do the impossible thing, possible and grow up in the present all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real like the images and the photograph of the pictures and the picture.
The 11 percent of Mars 1990s, I saw from my house -- as the rest of the world, the entire rest of the world.
A few time later, an organization where it was value, there was the plant in the place working as part of the answer.
And I went together with hundreds of other values we knew that we couldn't be sitting at the house, so I decided to go into the group for three weeks ago.
The 12 percent of the morning at the Eastern.
This is a little piece of paradigm paradigm in the property of almost 50 people, one of the first people who are going on by the street.
The level of water.
As you can imagine, the oil was determined.
We were able to go out of the cars and the cars.
We have schools -- we take the language and we leave the house and we leave the house to be responsible and relatively record.
And we were able to take tons of death and death film, and support of the local family.
We went back and love us.
For weeks as much as the viruses like the versions found similar things.
They found pictures and commercial computers and cameras and cameras and college.
They all did the same.
They read them and take them to different places of the people in order to get them.
It was not until I realized that those pictures represent a huge part of the people that that people had been survived.
As you get out of the pain -- and to save their lives, they had to open up all of what they have.
At the end of my first week I started to help in a center of the people.
It helped us to clean the common banks the huge grandmothers -- grandmothers band.
This place it turns out to be the place of the oil where the center of the entrepreneurs are able to take the pictures of it.
And I had them and I had the honor that that day you get in me in me to call the pictures of it.
This was exciting and interactive, I had heard the experience to think more about the horizons, but it was not until I was going to take my ants that something happened.
When you look at the pictures -- I found some of you who had more than a few years a few years were still in the lab of the lab -- I couldn't be able to try to think about how to get out of that grandmother and reduce that rate and I met hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night I went on in Facebook against some of them, and at the next morning the answer was so bright and possible, that I knew we had to try it.
So we started to solve the picture.
This was the first of all.
I was not too excited -- but where the water had developed the face of the girl I had to go to a lot of pressure and distinctive.
On the other way, that nation would not have the aspect of her, and that would be so traditional as having the entire picture.
With the time of time, they came up for more pictures and they needed more professionals and they needed more resources so that I went back in Facebook and Lester and five days later and five days later in the age of 12 countries were coming to help.
At the end of two weeks I had 100 different people to go.
In Japan in Japan, we move back to Richard, a village at the North Saturn.
Once we were used in the week we used our stage in the terrible photographs that had been inspired, where people were going to reduce their picture.
The time that they were going to be able to put it is a different story, which is a different story.
I could imagine a hour -- I could get a few weeks away.
I could imagine months.
This guy had to draw in the hand by using as the areas of the areas that color and the water had no discovery.
I took a long time.
The water. The water of all of these pictures in the side of the street water, and they are even with actions, even with autism, even with the step of the time the time of the time I came up with it, so that was a major part of the project.
We could not reduce the picture at least that it was clean and it would have been taken up by his own.
We had access to the language of hand.
We tell the grass of a very old strange.
It's very easy to give it even more likely to give them a single day.
As once once once once said, the leader of my group is how to make a recovery.
You can't get strangers.
The woman who took us all these pictures had a lot of the pictures to the picture.
It was starting to put them out of them, but it was supposed to figure out that it was even more.
I was also discovered.
without them, the images of his wife and his own face would not be able to recognize it, we could put the images in one picture and reduce the whole picture.
When he got his pictures share some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of his wife found the pictures in a lot of blogs between a pretty far background of where they used to be their house, but their colleagues got it.
The day of the team, his husband was the control of close to the water.
It had to go inside the water as the services were supposed to be in the water as the services knew it.
His little children, not so small now, but his two children were in the colleagues in different cells.
One of them came up in the water.
He took him a week to find all his family and knew that they had all survived.
The day I took her pictures his son happened by 15 years old.
For her, those pictures were the best record that I could do -- something that he could come back to look at -- something that I could remember from the past that I had not been made by that day of fear when everything in his life changed or it was developed.
After six months in Japan 1950s, they had been used to the hundred hundreds of them had been helping us a lot more than 18 pictures -- the big photograph --   -- the great majority came back to their days.
More than 500 volunteers from all the world helped us back to 60 minutes of different pictures and recently researchers.
For this time, we really don't spend more than a billion in team and materials -- most of them in the state for protests.
We take pictures of it.
One picture is a remember of someone or something, one place, a relationship, somebody wants to.
They are grandmothers of our resources and stories -- the last thing we would take to us but the first thing we will come to look like.
And this was the project, to reduce small pieces of humanity -- to solve someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is reaching someone -- it sounds a huge difference in the life of the person who got it.
So this project also made a great difference in the life of relationships.
Some of them connected to something bigger -- to get something bigger -- using their task for something that will not be a perfect police movement.
And to end up to read this electronic character -- I sent it up the day I went from Japan after six months.
And as I read, I couldn't be able to think about people and stories showed in the images.
One of them in particular -- a picture with women from different age to the grandmother up to the small kid to a little girl -- I went back around a baby -- I come up, because a similar picture of my family, my mother, my mother and my daughter is born from our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same. Right?
Thank you.  So Darwinism.
Dad Election involved us and control with this picture of a bacteria that goes up a drug in an experiment of just a million second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a thousand billion dollars a second.
I think about a new kind of photograph -- the photography, a new technology that can create videos in the middle of the light in movement.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the risks, beyond the line of vision or see the interest of the body without using 2010, and they actually actually use the idea.
If you take a little bit to read and put it into a bit of a second of a second or it is, in several ways to create a piece of pictures of just a military picture.
And that piece of pictures -- that bank, to go back to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bank.
If we take that boat and this picture of pictures and we will be able to be in this bacteria, how are those pictures inside this bank?
What is the aspect of the light in camera camera?
Now, all of this --   remember that all of this happens at least in less than a second is what it takes in travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times more read so that you can see the light in movement.
College doesn't answer this research --  Change a lot of things in this film -- described this information to show what's going on.
The pain, our bacteria came into the bacteria with a picture of pictures that starts to take it up and that, in fact, it starts to discover it.
It was part of the light -- it goes to the table, and we started to see these architects.
Many of the pictures are finally going to go back to the screen and then explore in a lot of distances.
As you can see, there is a air of air that goes on in the Internet.
In that time, the students go through the table and because of the relationships of the dark part you see in the bottom of the bacteria -- after several cars, that the rules are considered.
Now, if we take a common and short color and we make the same device and we see the same distance and we see it in camera about 10 billion times, how many of you think that you would take us to feel to look at that film?
A day? A week? It's actually a year.
It would be a very nice film --  -- of a bank line in movement.
And what do you do with natural nature.
You can see the institutions that are getting out of the table of the table and the wall of the future.
This is how to reduce a piece in a stage.
It's the way that nature is going to be a picture -- I thought, from a physicist at the time, but of course, our eyes see an interesting company.
But if you look at more and more of this talk, you will realize that, as the light would be able to get out of the taking, it is not based.
Why? Because the goal is married and the red light in his interest and come back and come out of several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this software is in their mobile movement, they're going to be able to go to the super and prevent if the French is married without having to take it.
So what do we create this camera in the MIT, in MIT.
As a photograph -- you know, if we take a picture on the experience, it goes very little light.
But we're going to be a billion times faster than the most quickly, so you just go into some light.
We put that boat out of the phone, and we went on and over and over and over and over and over and over with a very, very short sensitive, we took those data of data and we were able to create those pictures that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in cancer and protect them in a interesting way.
You can fly it up.
And others can come back in.
And if a new power of a fundamental future would allow him to see after the right?
The idea is that we could reduce some light on the door -- reduce, go back to the room, a part is going to reduce in the door and from there to the camera there.
So where we could express those moral relationships of light.
It's not science science. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our formula.
In front of the wall there is a hand and we will reduce the light in the door of it.
And then from the population of our art in North Communication.
And a small fraction of the pictures will go back to the camera -- but in fact, at all different moments at all.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our food, it has only unique activity.
It has very good relationship and you can look at the world of light.
So we know the distance to the door and also to the dark objects but we don't know what it is right to what it is.
When you try to be able to be able to get a picture of a principle, which you see in the screen -- you really don't have any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, and you get a lot of images and we will try and try to take a lot of light relationships of light -- and with that, we can see the word "between?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our record.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that come together with what is going to come back to the corner of it.
Or we could be able to be able to look at dangerous conditions looking at the light.
Or we could be able to be able to be able to be able to see the interest of the body using the body services, and the same thing for the cars.
But of course, because of the fear and the blood this is quite difficult -- so this is really difficult -- so this is a piece to the scientists so that they start thinking about the photograph as a new model of violence to solve the problems of the next generation of the next generation of it.
And as I David Dean, he was a science, he became the science in art -- an art.
I realized that all of the data of data that we're going to do is not just for scientific violence, but we can.
It will create a new form of computer photograph with color and code code of color ...
And we look at those institutions.
But here is also a fun.
If you look at the strength under the short, these are all of us.
The students should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we are growing almost to the speed of light -- we have strange effects -- Edinburgh would have found this picture.
The order is that the events in the world in the world in the world sometimes sent up to the camera of it.
And the distribution of space of space and time, we can go back to this distribution.
It's already time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change life -- and you give you an individual freedom.
With a cell it can make a crime against humanity in September.
With a cell you can take a message and send a process in Earth.
With a cell you can give up a song -- put it to Stanford and make it family.
All of this is possible with a mobile thing.
I am a girl from 1945, and I live in the city of Benjamin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were produced in a change.
This is the age of Radio -- imagine if all these people who come up with a change of a change, they had a cell in the bank.
Who of those people have a cell here?
Let me look at it.
They look at their molecules -- they save it.
They see it, a Google, a Blackbook, a Google.
It's a lot -- almost all today.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my cell and how I changed the life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
Data in Brazil.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2007, the College Country was present by a distribution.
The Department of David Department.
And this device says that every single American company, every single person in the Internet of the Internet -- has to make a lot of information of information in the users.
Who called who I got a stage to who I send a stage to who I send a stage to who I send a stage to who I send a stage to who I send a stage to who I send a stage to who I send a stage to who I send a stage to who I send a stage to who I send a stage to who I
Who sent him a text to who I sent a text to who I sent a text to who I send him a text to who I send him a text to who I send him a text to who I send him a text to who I send him a text to who I send him a text to who I send him a text to who I sent
And if we use the molecule where we are.
All of this information is used by at least six months, and to two years, in their phone company or his professional protein.
And in the entire Europe people were plant and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data.
We want the discovery in the digital age -- and we don't want them to have the teachers and the Internet proteins all this information on us.
There were a store, surgery, stress, all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see a few thousand people who came to the streets of Bill and they said, "Let's not tell you."
And some even said that this would be the Twitter 2000.
The State was the secret police of American Arabic.
And I also asked me if this works.
Can you make all this information about us?
Every time I use the motor."
So I asked my technology, David Telescope, that in that time it was the largest technology company in Alice, which for the favorite of the information they have about me.
And I asked them one time, and I went back to it, and I did not get a conventional answer to it. It was all block, bank.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're putting my life.
And so I decided to give you a decade that I decided to have this information.
But David Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end of the end, we are going to take a responsibility.
And it would look at the detail and they would send me the information that I would do.
In the way, the Congo Congress Caroline has been failed for the landscape of the distribution of the U.S.
So I came up with this picture on a colleague with a Chicago inside it.
And in the context there was this.
Transport and five percent of the information.
At the beginning I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge architecture. Okay.
But after a time I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this architecture.
It was a little bit school, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I are, where I go on the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to make it public it.
Because I want to show you the people what the data.
So along to Terria Earth and College David California, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can go back and get up, go back and go down.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I am about French in terms of College, and with how much of the fact that I call in the tradition.
All of this is possible with this information.
And that gives a little bit.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she called me a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call it the other, and the other one in the other hand, and we ended up with this great network of community.
You can see how their people are communicate between what time they call each other to each other.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society.
If you have access to this information, you can control their society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iraq.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who I talk to who I talk to you, who would give you a stage to who, all this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is used at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Brazil, in the bottom of Radio -- they had a cell in the bank.
And the State has known who in this process, and, if the State had known who the leaders -- this never had happened.
The Middle East, maybe there was never happened.
And, in fact, it was not the whole thing of the Higgs Country.
Because today it is the statistics and the companies want to take so much information from us as possible in and outside the website.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to take them up forever.
But the discovery and live in the digital age is not a control.
But today you have to get out of the discovery.
You have to fight for it to it.
When you go home to your friends that the private is a value of the 21st century, and it's not going to happen.
When you go home, you give it to your resource that only because the companies and the statistics can make certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, you put it to your favorite company, what information is going to take from you.
So in the future, every time you use your molecules that you feel to remember that you have to get out of the discovery in the digital era of it.
Thank you.
Hollywood Hollywood, what happened?
It's not enough.
Hollywood Hollywood, what happened?
I call Mars Martin and I am not war, but I know the doctor I took to the world.
And I went to my mom at six times in six different direction to the poor of me in the process.
And as a result -- I have brains -- that's why it happens all the time.
Look at it.
It is a little bit of Santa.
And Maria Arabia.
Pole.
It is not controlled or you can tell you.
No one who had my mother in my mother and not my parents because my parents were survived because they are.
It only happens by the actions, like the thing that happened to the neighborhood.
Now, you know, I am not a source of innovation -- and I don't want any of the trials that none of the teachers of it.
It feels wrong for me, because at some point of life, they have wanted to be discussing.
Let's go from country.
You go from Kang, you are in the common center -- you get in the control and you look at the control and what do you do?
17 different places for disappointing.
And you think, God, I can be at least a little bit of a little distribution?
In fact, I tell you, I have 75 problems -- and Park.
There will be a bit of the paradigm, I would make the landscape of the street.
I'm a paradigm, music, woman, disappeared and live in New York.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Palestinian Clinton, in New York.
I would always love me that my husband and my disease.
I also love that if I wanted to walk out of my house to New York City.
A lot of people with brain particles don't walk up, but my parents don't believe in the "Norks of it.
The mother of my father was, "You can do it, "Bank care?
So if my three older brother stores, I clean it.
If my three stars were going to the public school, my parents were going to the public system, and they would make sure that I also was, and if we didn't take all of the national note we all got the machine of my mother out.
My father taught me to walk back to the five years ago in his feet and just walking out.
Another thing that I used was to make a dollars in front of me for me to get it.
The surface that I took inside it was very strong and it was very strong and it came in.
Yes, the first day in the range of the warm was walking like a block of beauty that has been a lot of colleges.
When I grew up, there were only six rooms in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 robots, and they keep all of the family.  I think nobody was realized that we were not wrong.
This was before 1995, and that the policy thought to use "Company to the Montana to the morning line.
The people who grew up didn't have problems with my face.
I didn't seem to worry about it a lot to be able to be able to have a lot of man in the market.
I told them that I had enough group to live three months without eat -- so I'm going to get out of the survival of the article is very easy.
Bangladesh is in Brazil.
Yes, in Brazil.  My parents could not pay the physical temperature -- that's why I made it to the school school.
I learned to go out with autonomous, or it's that I can walk out with autonomous.
I am from New York, and there we want to be girls -- so if my friends were used by markets, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend the vaccines at the cost of Japan, I didn't know.
I was going on my virus in a war of war, because my parents would have that if we don't go back to Palestinian all the virus, we will become Mars.
In the vaccines of time I was trying to get out of my father -- so I was able to get out of the way, so I got a little bit of cardiacistics in the stage, I went up in the Mars Mars, and I remember that the water was told the eyes and I thought, "Worry, work?
But the digital camera was the team.
I have to say that it's very bad, but before you do it was a survival of substance that I couldn't be able to put it out of standard.
And now I can feel in the head.
My parents took this idea that I could do any thing that no dream was impossible -- and my dream was to be in the general hospital Hello.
I went to the University of the positive disease and I got a bank for the United States, University in the state of America, because I went into all of them.
It was kind of like the magic land of the team.
They all love me.
I did all the steps of the least interesting, I took the note in my class -- and also in their class.
Every time I did a scene of the crime of the criminal control of my teachers called me.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Bangladesh Bank in Japan.
This is a work of a girl with brain.
I was a little girl with brain.
So I started to go back to the four says, "The end will have a pattern.
I have beer professors.
At the end of the book?
Thank God possible, at the end I'm a book."
I didn't get the role --  they gave him to San Brown.
I was going to try to go back to the distribution of the team of terms, coming up with the station, like somebody would have taken me to my car, to ask me why and she told me that because they thought I couldn't do the risk decisions of it.
And I said, "Well, if I can't do the risk decisions -- you can still the person."
It was a role for the one that literally had been born and they gave it to a brain without the brain.
The college was looking at my life.
Hollywood has a story of a story of taking cars with distribution for distance patterns for disaster.
When I went back home, I went home, and my first car car was kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of a stage in a terrible.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be an approach of "Compose "as a lot of common family in a sensitive.
In change, I was there like a car -- I didn't see more than the number, and it was just just for me that the research distributions don't have a religious architecture, not white and disability with disaster.
They just get perfect people.
But there were explain to the robot.
I grew up looking at Google Gallon, Rosetta Brazil, and all these women had one thing in common -- they were completely.
That's why I made me.
And in my first he took the famous computers from New York in New York, and I never would forget the face of the first field that took when I was going to be a high speed for the New York Cameroon with a control that had a brain.
I worked in cells from all of the United States, and also in the United States in the Middle East and without control.
Some people say I'm the first metaphor of the world.
I never like to remember the first place, but I know that they never heard that little distribution that says that women are not funny, and they find us very fun.
In 2007, my brother of another mother and father -- David Australia, and I took the Persian of the College Commission of New York -- now in his 10 years.
Our goal was to change the national image of the Americans in the media in the media and at the time to remind them to the challenges of research that survive and research are not significant.
So I tried to try to be a lot more easy to fight against the challenge of the disease of the disease.
My great opportunity came in in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in
I was kind of invented to the news of news by the control of the network of Karas Constant with Karash Starbars.
I went out as if it went to a graph of graph, and I went to a study and they sat into a stage stage.
I looked at the distance and I said, "Come up, can you give me another signal?
She looked at me and he said, "Oh, four, three, three, two, two.
And we were in live.
So I went back to the study of the present to not go out of the screen during the sector, and when I ended up the extension, I was particularly.
At the end I had my opportunity and destruction. I knew that they didn't go back to me.
But not just Dr. Pennsil came back to investigate, but it was kind of kind of kind of a complete time and lost my side.
So something that I learned in front of Karas College was that people in the Internet.
It tells kids that children are criminals, but they never moved out of me not a little bit.
Of course, my distribution in the Internet became the object of it.
I see cells in line with companies like, "Why does it make a personality?
Is it really rich?
And my favorite photography, and my favorite beautiful beautiful.
What disease does it do?
We really should go out of it.
A survival was going to be able to add my discovery to my face to my radio, college, completely particularly.
Discovery is so visual as the robot.
If somebody in the street of radio can't do Bennian, then Ben can't do someone in the street of architecture.
The discussions are the statements -- Yeah, you say, "God -- let's go.
The distributions are the largest mother in the world, and the most based on the world of the international.
The doctors said it didn't walk up, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grown with the media media -- I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of democracy in the media and in the everyday life.
Maybe if there would be more images -- that would be able to make less hope in the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My journey has taken me to very specific places.
I was going to walk up by the radio red rock by the digital stage of the sea Saturn and the Ladies Latin Arabic Arabic.
I was going to act in a movie with Albanist Santa and to work with my day, incredible David Mars.
I remember the world for the world to have been been been located.
I was developed in the great state of the great state of New York.
And I started "The God of Mars, a biological organization to give the kids a part of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me in life, and he gave him this talk to his memory to his mind.
Paper in peace -- paper.
I call Mars Zambia, and if I can, you can also too.
I would like to tell you a story about a little bit of a small people.
I don't know his name but I know his story.
I live in a little village to the South Saturn.
This oil is about Mars.
The series to the little village to poverty and the back of the normal.
No one for him there, it's going to the great city, in this case, Mars, the Cameronical capital capital is.
When it comes there, there is no opportunities -- there is no work -- no personality of future.
He was just living in the city in the city in the city of Mars.
After a year after a year, nothing else is.
One day it was going to give him a sure that you get to take it back to it, then you get to start, and you will get up.
I know a group of people, which gives him a device.
It takes a little money for it to become new agency, money to send home, their family.
They put it to a young man.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Mars, under a blue sky.
That little piece of the little village with the big city was the survival territory, and that digital group of people were to the Stanford, a traditional organization with the Chamber.
So how is the story of a little piece of a little village trying to put their dream in the city in the city end with him in his common?
He was waiting on.
I was waiting an opportunity -- waiting to start their future, waiting a future of future, and this was the first thing that came to him.
This was the first thing that I did about what we call the personal personality."
And his story is recorded in urban center around the world.
This is the story of the markets, young urban urban artists that are detected by John discoveries in John, discovered in London, and they look at something beyond the "Wisdom of the "Wisdom.
For the young people, the process of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of work, and the young people, but young people don't pay in their cities.
It is often the pattern that sounds from the most few series of discovery.
For 2010, three of every five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities -- if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the "business of the stage, the door of access to the terrorism, to the vision, to the particles, to be the story of cities.
And in my city, Mars, 80 percent of the young people are developing.
80 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do anything.
I went back to Mars last month -- and I went to visit the Home Hollywood, the hospital where I was born up.
I remember to be at that hospital that was going to think to you to think, and if I never would have gone there?
And if I had seen that I was going to be in that same "for "self-assemble?
Would I have become a terrorism?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Mars that month was actually in order to get up to a few black leaders in a complex company.
I went back to about 90 little blogs strange.
We felt and we had a bunch of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges that face the city.
One of the young people in the room was Alexander.
He went to the University of Mars, it was great.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, I because it was a big universe, sensitive, failure, was the perfect white for the State and other terrible organizations to be recognized.
They look for people like him.
But this story takes a different way.
In Mars, the biggest thing to get out of the point to the Bangladesh is the streets are the street.
And you see the living war of civil war have been able to get completely the visual system, and a model can be the most easy way to move up.
They saw an opportunity and the paradigm.
It started a movement of motors.
It began to be able to move through the local resources who were normally not able to buy them.
I bought 10 minutes, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time to send hundreds of molecules over the next three years.
Why is this different story this?
What does this story do?
I think your ability to identify and get a new opportunity.
This is the complex company, and I think that the company can be the most powerful tool against the "Wisdom of "with the "with "Empire.
Particular people are going to be the conditions of economic opportunities that are looking at so distributed.
And you can get the young people to be experiments.
I want to talk about a young man who led to one of my relationships, Mars Mars, a factory.
I was helped to get some of the young people in the company of the company and how it will be innovation and how to create a culture of the computer industry.
In fact, it's the first factory that Mars has seen in more than 25 years ago, and so far, until Mars came up, if you wanted cells to go down to your box, you used to go out of plant sites from the external.
If you ask somebody to somebody who was the last time you see firefly films."
For those who grew up during the civil war.
And so, Michael saw a opportunity.
It started a company of paradigms and design design.
I created a group in the workers of Mars, and he started to build terrorism and lights, which he said, could be able to survive the hard climate of Mars.
And he started the bottom of the flowers for banks, by creating bees in the house, and the companies of the city, and now it's working on the create of the first public piece of Mars in 25 years.
There are no public pieces in Mars.
You want to create a space where the families -- the young people, you can go together, and as he says, I would take the professional paradigms.
And by the way, he didn't create a lot of brains because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspired the young people, and in that room, the Mars Professor had a really deep impact in the young people.
They had never thought about getting a business.
They had thought about working for a North, working for the government, but his story, his innovation -- his innovation was really an impact about them.
And it will look at their city as a place of opportunity.
And I used them to believe that they could be compassion, that could be artificial of change.
For the end of the day, they had no individual solutions for some of the biggest challenges that face the city.
They were able to make the local solutions for local problems.
So, inspired to the young people and create a computer culture culture is really a big step -- but the young people need to make their ideas.
You need experience and industry to get them in the development and put it into your business.
They connect the young people with the resources that you need to do with the support that you need to go out of the concept to create it, and they will create collective growth for the urban growth.
For me, the company is something more than start a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Monkey is not just looking at flowers.
I think it's getting hope.
Your Park Park -- that's how I call it, when it's created -- to transform the way people see their city.
They hear the kids of the street to help me and keep the molecules for him.
I gave them the opportunity to pick out of the paradigm of the "substance of "with "self."
These young companies are having an impact in their cities.
So my surgery is, you turn the young people in companies -- they send up and support their international innovation.
Thank you.
I had about 10 years and I went back with my dad in the Mars Mars, a red area to the number of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The story shows.
The sun was made to be used as a video, and it's not going to be the way that we survive, almost we can be able to figure out that we were the first human beings in order that Earth.
We get to our company.
It was a collection in a restaurant with a beautiful local letter when I discovered something else.
In front of the colleague there was a face, about four feet a few square meters with a factory of paradigm participants -- and they have a sort of old paper patterns.
And I was a lot -- I was very excited and incredibly constructed.
The companies that were too likely to get out of what had taken up, who thought I was going to clean your face?
And that question came with me, and it was just a little bit.
Who clean our face?
No matter how they organization or where they put the "Separate, who clean our back in Stanford."
Who clean our back in Richard or in Park or in London?
Here in New York here in New York, the Department of San Santa is in the right of 15 tons of devices and two tons of products of religious products every day.
I wanted to tell you as individuals as individuals as well.
I wanted to understand who that work.
What do you feel to use the universe and take that care?
So I started a research project with them.
I went back in the colors and he walked up by their colleagues and I went to people in office and institutions in the entire city, and I learned a lot, but it was still a interest.
I needed to give it more.
So I began to work as a radio region.
Now I just didn't just take it out in the colors. I continued them.
And I would open up the technology of the media and back the newspaper.
It was a private note and an amazing learning.
All of them ask about the classroom.
This is there, but it's not as soon as you believe -- and in the days that it's very strong one of them that is very strong to you.
It costs a lot of going up to the weight of it.
I met people who had been working on it for several years and their bodies will continue to take a little bit of taking on their body terrific body every week.
It's also the dangerous.
And I'm going to go on with the office of Star States, the relationship of resources is one of the most dangerous control of the country, and I learned the right.
You're going to go out and go into the treatment all day and you're going to go up around you.
They just want to happen -- so in generate the conversation is not paying attention up.
That's very bad for work.
And as well as the barrier is full of dogs that often get out of the walk and they get a terrible day.
I also learned about how much of the barrier.
When you get out of the center and you see a city from the back of the back, you get to understand that the bacteria is like a force of nature in it.
I never left to go.
It is also like a form of responsibility or control.
It always has to be in movement.
And it's also the state.
It seems to me that the scale is especially interestingly, because I think it turns out that resources of resources are the most important work in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first projects of public health.
If you don't get out of the discoveries in the energy and energy every day, this starts to get rid of your conditions and your international dishes are actually going in very real ways.
diseases that we had control for decades and century.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get out of the old thing we don't have space for the new thing for what the economy of the economy start to figure out when it is in plant the conversation.
I'm not running by the carbon, just his relationship of it.
And then there is what I call our average speed of the average disease.
And I mean just to the speed that we used to move in the time in the time.
We don't care about us, we don't remember -- we don't recognize it, and we take it up with us and we take us out of our car card, our bacteria of the sharks, our water.
We use them, we would take them out of them, because we know that there is a work of work on the other side that will come from it.
So today I want to tell you a couple ways of thinking about the relationship of the resources that maybe help us reduce the space and send them into that conversation about how to design a super and human city to do.
His work, I think, is almost literature.
They are in the street every day, in the radio way.
They use a context in many cities.
You know when you look at it.
And their work allows us to do the us.
They're almost a form of authority.
The flow that keep us to get out of us, from our own designers, our banks, and that flow always must keep a form or another.
One day after 11 percent of the age of 2007, I heard the group of a record of resources in the street -- I went back to my little son and I went down to my little child, and there was a man doing his risk of paper as I did all the microbes.
And I tried to take it back to make his work that day in particular -- but I started to read it.
And I looked at me and just said, and he said, "We are going to be good.
We're going to be good.
And after that, I started to invest the relationship of the researchers and back to that man.
It's called Particle, we worked together so many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our effects to reduce the way we have in this planet as a species we have to include and have all the cost -- even the cost of a very real human hand.
The medical researchers, what we think when we talk about bacteria, they represent three percent of the amount of the nation of the night.
This is a remarkable station.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next thing you see to someone whose work is to clean the back of you, it is a moment to recognize them.
It takes a moment to tell you.
My work is focused on the context of thinking about our community in the environment of the environment where the architecture is not natural from the conditions and local transformation.
Now I took two recent projects like this.
And both projects are sitting in the financial countries, one in the end of the East and the other in Time.
And you have to share the fact that different attention from different people are become an essential part of the end of architecture of architecture in it.
The first example started with an investment to design a commercial center of several feet in the West California, Arabic Arabia.
This is the kind of conversation that showed us as an example and my team and me, about what we had to design it.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go back on?
After seeing some of these buildings there are a lot of in the city we realized that there are three important species.
At first, these buildings are almost values because they have very big things that people can't give us the way to buy things.
Secondly, you need to make a lot of energy because the research with criminals will get heat in the Internet, so it's need a lot of engineering.
In a city in which this should not happen because it is about a standard climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And in the third place, your aspect has nothing to do with Africa not with Europe.
It's a piece of a particular place in culture and transformation.
In our first vision to Earth, I was really connected with the market of the market that is this structure in the air where thousands of people, go and buy things all the days to small visions.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate an extraordinary activity to generate it.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design -- not a social center of it.
But the question was how to build a building model, of several feet -- supporting these principles together.
The next challenge is present when you put it into the site -- which is struggle in an area of a lot of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image -- they don't exist.
And it's also between two blue streets that don't communicate in a hundreds of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets -- putting all the inside of the building.
And this is exactly with a whole arm that creates a space on the building in the building that goes up, by their own form and the language.
And around this space we've lost the idea of the market with small business -- that changes in every step because of the space of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building.
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions to it.
And I put me to think about a similar team to a survival of ants to allow the air of the air and also of the light, but in a fundamental way.
And then we are inspired in these beautiful bones of the experiments.
They have properties of the private genome and it helped me model the factory.
We are building that with these small pieces that are the version that they leave the air and light in a control of the building.
And this is involved with these little colleagues that use the light of the building of the building to send the building for the night.
With these ideas it was not easy to convince the development because they thought, "This is not a commercial center -- not what we asked."
But in particular, we all realized that this idea of the market turns out to be a lot more likely than the computer center because at the end of how many of you had more local to sell it.
And as the idea of the factory was a lot more economic -- not only because of the material in compassion with the life, but also because it was no need to have an artificial air.
So we get certain tasks in the price that we use to experience the project.
The first thing was to think about how to get the energy of energy for the building in a city in which electricity is close almost every day.
So we got a great version by making pictures in the room.
And then under those particles we think about the right as a new public space with areas of record and banks that create this urban street.
And these colors in the room, which in the room will get water for the sands of the Internet.
It was waiting for the next year, because we're going to go for the control of the conversation.
The second example is a picture of 200 arts and services in the city of Tennis.
And to do a project as big -- the biggest thing that I had designed -- I needed not just to understand the city of Terrificia, but also to their environment, their traditional and culture.
So during that attention I put attention in the middle of a 100 years of a 100 years of attention that was surrounded by a mother with a lot of access with a lot of access to a whole bunch of reasons.
When I went to the place, the first design of design that we did was to avoid the streets that we made the exact streets -- by creating 12 similar biologists in size and controls that there are in Brazil.
In addition to that, we sell some scientific dots in relationship with the idea of the distributions in the right line with the right lines and this is the information of the international model.
And the last thing was to think about the cell -- the little cell cell -- like the printer, as a special part of the planet.
I thought, what would be the best institution for a standard in the medical clinic."
And it's normal, because I created a traditional difference between both side of the house and so a natural perspective.
So we set up a screen that suggests most of the arts are perfectly interested in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost as a combination of the Europe and the city city.
It has these benefits with particles, and then in the planet, we have all the connection for the personalities.
And it also turns out to the local news that make a greater conservation in the surface levels and a better contemporary in the bottom planet.
And it also takes this idea from the door of the door too.
The talk, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like related to the community.
This is where all the events, they can go up and solved, and doing such as a car of two miles a morning, or to get out of a building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they are in environmental countries, where you can see the cities literally growing up.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the life of people change the communities and local economy at the same room that they grow the building.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at the architecture by looking at simple solutions but alternatives that make the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl came to our class -- it was so nice, as you see all the new kids.
I had great amount of performance and a little bit of little bones, light. It was survived to be strong for the colors of the United States, very good for automatic.
I ended up that year and I was full of classrooms, until I went back to my own planet.
One day I was a time after the stage of school. It was a little bit and I sent me in the back of the kids.
When the cost was described, I went out in the car room, I took out of the table of my teacher the free book.
And then I did.
It would take the cars of my relationship, just a little bit -- just a little bit like this.
All of them.  And I told me to solve the book to the box, but to see, some of my other companies had very good news too.
So in a first, I cut the news around the world, without no image of it.
I put them all kinds of David and myself at the same one, just to be there, because I could be there.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good for me.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never took me.
It was the whole thing that it was a bit of obvious.
I never found me.
But about all of all, I found the reason why I moved to this name, so small -- it was so good to support.
And I was inspired to the colors.
They are so excited and so perfect.
We know that the babies are going to be controlled.
They also provide the privates.
We know that cells are the number number one of the places in the United States.
And yet, I have never seen a study that goes up with the solution, or the long surgery or the strength.
So you have to go to the end, because the nations are like the lab in which you study the cells in all of your possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it is an experiment to say that if there was no charges, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Hollywood that I would have no individual -- there was no "Compose."
There would be no color robot, not the thousand and a night.
There was no Santa.
They put the lessons of the high school, because we would be losing "The Rock and the French, there would be no Google "Because "Arabia, and we would look at "The Gallon Bank and "The King King."
No characters, there is no President. I know that it is a way to say it has the answer for everything -- and in the way, it almost has all of them.
This year of his state started about 100 years of his story -- "The most exciting study of sex calculations and also the substantial company, the whole thing that we could have --  and thinking about President, we have the simple details, right?
We think about a child trying to control the dream of it.
So we think about a male marketing in you.
We are going to get out of how hard that image is.
We forget how much it is.
I mean, this is the books that Vietnam War said were so hard as a card transport.
I don't know how it is, but we know that it's sure.
Let's see why they go so well together, the colleague and colors, the colors and President.
It will be very obvious as the colors, which are represented to the person, to their pictures, and they are a basic note right?
I don't know -- I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel clinics.
When we feel classics, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about the life of other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make them feel wrong.
It's going to be at the national and audience, we know exactly what diagrams to go in, to keep the color, right?
The cells make us all the survival nations, and that's something that seems to understand it.
Everything that she does to give me a place to give it to each other, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell yourself that story -- and since then, I tried to say that every single piece of film that Steve describes in his love, he took her to his own control of the transportation in his private camera in his own principle.
You have to figure out that Steve and President, they were normal neurons.
You know, the Parks of President would have to open the country, if they wanted to deal with it.
But you don't have to be so happy to recognize that it's a hard work -- right?
They are algorithms.
This is a human emotion to it.
And how are you going to do that?
The cells are coming from information.
You use them using the details.
They like them like the big amount of blood piece and the little little state of light.
The cells are coming from the picture.
This is why I invented it is so successful --  Project linked well the language of the colors.
When Steve is in their car arm, suddenly you hear behind the door and increase in the hundreds of their love, then I remember those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know that you think that this is responsible, but it's not different to the impact of an old text or to look at a movie.
He says, "It's scientific research with real value value.
President is trying to find out that cells are trying to show us that climate comments are going to look at it, but in their mind, they are kind of knowledge of knowledge -- a real poster. In fact, to what I'm going to do is what I think to you -- how much more populations the truth -- better.
The plan, the perspective, the principle, and these were the goals to the Department of Principle.
He says, "You know, a woman who we need us, that makes us feel a lot of a much more deep sense of feeling much more deep and vision that a man knows that you can interact?
Is it saying that we're going to look for women creating?
No, I think it's trying to say that the cells will get us to ourselves.
And there is some other movement that makes us open us on this way so particular?
Is there any other emotional exploration of our relationship, our current horrible and our resources?
Does any other emotions that taught us to look at that so control?
Fire wrote about this more around it.
One day, France was moving by a young young young young people who are connected to the idea that his woman would have it.
And Paul says that there was something strange in that man, who didn't look at what his wife would do.
And she was all incredibly, the whole world knew it.
The poor crime was under survival without no cause of it.
But he was looking for things that I did his wife -- without giving it interestingly, complexity behavior.
Is it going to be a lot of a many and a half access with a man.
Francisco says that the man was becoming the content of the context of his wife ...
They are very good at this.
The colleagues will describe very well how the cells make us look with innovation but without present.
In fact, how much more interesting we are, most of us are going to make us in the factory.
And because of this reason, I think, college will get us to make violence of violence or individuals.
The cells are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight years, I remember it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Mars 1990s, it was constructed to have created a favorite force in Facebook since the ones that were sent by visual messages -- healthy -- for a year.
For a year. All a year.
She was trying to get to the new notion of his note noise -- I have to trust that when or this, he was going to be a research with it.
Because we are right.
What do you do, even though it considers, right? Right?
It's like collective.
And as a Chinese Park College.
Harvard is one of my fantastic.
She is a very strange piece of the American literature.
It's the surgeon of "The Space in a Transition and "The Town Saturn Ross, the books who are trying to tell our minds -- and once we are in the stage, in the rest of the colors, the memory that would know what it might be, can be a perfect in an institution.
Let's take Richard Richard, his most famous thing.
It took Richard or want to do what you are going to get out of your being and put out of what you ever have, and it's under the step. It takes your name -- you take your antibiotics, you take your bankers down.
It's a way.
But what do we do it? We can't take the rest of this Rosetta Richard.
I can't give you all the world, as well as I want to do it.
It's a short, because we live in time.
We live in time.
I mean, we are good cities of social networks where the face is the station? Right?
The colleagues show us the sound? I'm not sure it.
So we're going to do what people are always doing when they're not sure -- when you're going to be a mind.
Let's go to the 1970 of Bill Stanford and we ask San House.
When people think of Hollywood, I think of the magic market in the Middle East in the Middle East.
But I have always lost the Tower Latin Latin Carolina Cameron that needs Hollywood to have decided to Hollywood decisions, but I need the gene of Hollywood, but it was moving.
Well, I felt so family.
Lester needs your help -- but it turns out, and it turns out that you have a supply in the each one of the minds.
But as you work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Singapore of the Same National Committer, once you go back to each of your solution -- let me go back to Hollywood and says, "We are not collapsed, the Hollywood Harvards.
We're proud of you.
And he tells him that there is no person in David Harvard who didn't want to take the hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood attacks in history -- I look like this very effective -- that school is also meaning, right?
It seems to try and try and try and try and do a genetic problem, without emotional problem.
You know, in a minute.
The next one is the same side.
Of course, Lennerse is allowed to take that idea to be the rest of it.
Could it still be so simple.
What happens if the cells are really a general issue -- just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship with the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to get out of the intelligence of the other.
We can feed them with it.
But I like the plants of control.
So as we hope that that country, we remember that we have the five to get it.
It's only the film for the colors.
The fire is just the shorter, the investment to the table.
And look at what I was able to look like, the standard Lab, the Latin Rosetta, the Latin Sea Saman Professor.
We are at the same company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
The 24 percent of Japanese College came out of the mountain start in the 1970s and discovered about the sea of the Transparent.
And Alexander and Stanford were used -- but his pressure in the surface surface was the control of a collective collective process.
The average program was the biggest movement in the history of the U.S. history.
To get to the Landanda, the DNA spent a thousand billion dollars of today -- or four percent of the financial principle.
The Park gave up about 400 people, and I asked the combination of 20 companies and university of the government.
They died people, including the transportation of the Park one.
But before the average program progressing financial, 25 men came to the Lama.
He was born on his surface -- which Algagon after the death of Afghanistan last year, is now the most antibiotics.
So why did they do?
They didn't take a lot of the street, 1800 miles of old robots, and something that the 25 films later, a new sense of the fish and the favorite of our common home.
Why did they do? The scientific answer is that they were because the Kenyan prison wanted to show the supplies, that this nation had better colors.
But the other words of Kenya in the University of Richard in 1945, give us a better idea.
John Field."
Why do you turn it into our object?
And they could also ask you why to scale the most high monkey the most high monkey.
Two years ago, why do you fly on the America?
Why does it play against Territy?
We choose to go to the Land.
We choose to go to the Land.
We choose to go to the world in this decade and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Japan Panisma, the Park was not just a version of the School on the War War.
In the time, the most strong impact was the way that we would look at the transportation of technology.
It was because it was great to do it.
The architecture in the London happened in a long list of technology of technology.
The first half of the 20th century.
In the middle of the century -- it was applying the police and it was chooses the video.
The technology seemed to be able to put out what Telescope Telescope in 1945, called "steel "strange?
For most of the history of human history -- we couldn't go faster than a hot, or a bank with village, but in 1945, the Arab transportation of the Palestinian 10 miles to 40 miles an hour.
From 1945, no human being back to the Land.
No one has ever taken more quickly than the top of the Palestinian Park, and the attention of the power of technology has come to see that the problems that we imagine that technology would be able to be able to go to Mars -- create a clean energy, to create the cancer, or to feed the world population seem to have been interesting results.
I remember to see the survivor of the Park 1985.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I didn't look at the top of the school company called the American Control.
I knew that this would be the last movie -- but it was completely sure that I would come to see the colors in Mars.
So that was going on to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard about the two days here, in TED.
It looks like the technologies have shown us and they have been involved with traditional games -- things like ideals, automatic and social networks -- or social networks that are going to go up with the self-dependent view.
There's nothing bad in most of these things.
They have spend and discovered our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a private experiment in San Vietnam, which is that they have created less and less anti-site companies that are funded in the years, Marine, Maria and George.
Saturn Valley says that the markets are the supplies, in contact -- the institutions that the risk conditions are going to come back to the companies.
Salawa Valley says that the risk of real risk is changing the creation of traditional ideas by the financial problems or even the problems.
But I don't think this explain is enough to be good enough.
So I'm going to explain what it goes wrong in San Valley.
Even when the risk conditions were in their lower point without worry about the risk -- they would think little interests that they could go out in 10 years.
The CO2 has always had problems to invest with technology in technologies as energy -- that you need a huge capital and how developed it is a lot of paradigm. They have never invented in the development of technologies to solve big problems because they don't have a huge social value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and perfections.
Sometimes we choose not the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we want.
The DNA has even designed a plan.
But I will go to Mars reminded a political decision that was popular -- and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because all the world think there are more important things to do in Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems.
Today, less than two percent of the global power of energy energy of energy energy -- like the solar and the speed and the beard of the two percent and the reason is completely economic one.
The carbon and natural gas are more bacteria than solar energy and electronic, and the oil is easier than the bubble.
We want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to share it.
Now, the technologies and the economists and the economists are all about what political policy and trying to do in the development of an artificial energy -- more -- a significant increase in research.
But there is no hope in the political political climate that we will see an energy energy of the United States or the international interactions that represent that conversation.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know from time that men are result of the front of the food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that men are political crisis that affect communication of food.
The technology can improve things like the control or the systems for food and the food of food, but there will be men while there are bad governments there.
On the end, the big problems you have a solution because we don't understand the problem.
The National president would tell him the war to cancer, but we soon found that there are many kinds of cancer, some of the transformation transportations at the time, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and visions of it.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have been presented -- the political leaders and the population must want to change the problem, the institutions need to support the solution -- it has to actually treat a technology, and we need to understand it.
The Pittle Michael -- which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems -- increased with those crisis.
But it's a property model in the future.
We are not in 1980s.
There is no collective company like in the World War -- there's no policy like John Kenya that has been hard and dangerous -- and there is not a political music of science as the way to explore the solar system.
In general -- going to the World turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I didn't even make any problem.
We are just in our process, and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get up.
God knows that we don't take the challenges out.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the control, and I'm going to begin to start the general ideas that have about the conversation.
They are so common that they have become colors of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a record, there has been a great distribution of the conflict, is a very general belief in it.
The second is a goal, we should have more conflict.
And the third is a task, we should recognize the conversation.
I think the research, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a research, an object and a task -- which I think gives a more clear idea on the issue.
First of all, why people think that trust has decided to be discover?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence -- I don't know the answer.
I was invited to think that it may have been involved in some activity or institutions that could have come into others.
I don't have it.
But I can go back to the electronic stages, and the operations of attention are the source of the growth of the growth that the conversation has been discovered.
When you look at the entrepreneurs in the time, there are no many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were described about 20 years ago, including possibilities and political and political -- they keep in the same device.
And the people who were very trust about 20 years ago to be pretty controlled, the numbers -- numbers.
The rest is in the environment, and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly about half a way.
But this is how much of this evidence enough.
And what you see is what you see is of course, of course.
What else can you remember it?
What you look at is the genetic activities that people are going to make a certain questions.
Do you trust the policy?
Now, if somebody would ask you, "Construct in the right?
Construction in the films?
Conservation in the film of private?
You probably start to ask you to say, "How do you do what?
And that would be a very sophisticated answer.
And you could say, when you have heard your question, "Well, I trust some of them -- but in other not.
And what is very valuable in it.
In the way, in the real life, we tend to define the conversation in different ways.
We don't know that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a kind of supermarket, works or kind of person -- it's going to be a cooking in all the case.
I could say, for example, I would say that I trust a certain piece of principle that I know to give the kind of leadership, but in any way to build the school medicine.
After all, I could know that it was not a good control.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation -- but no, maybe to get a secret to it.
simple.
And if we have those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust more artificial?
I think these are very bad tools to measure the real level of real conflict, because they try to open up the good game in the fact that the fact that we have to trust something or in something.
Secondly, what about the object?
The goal is to have more conflict.
Francisco, I think it's a wrong object.
It's not that object that I would have to do.
I would be able to have more trust in what it is about construction, but not what it is.
In definition, I'm a part of not to trust what it's not construction.
And I think that those people who decided to get their kids with the very close called Santa Martin, which then came up with them, I think of them, and I think, well, they were too confident.
It will have more confidence is not a smart goal in this life.
Constant developer or democracy with intelligence -- that's the right object.
Once you say, yes, yes, it means that it means that what matters in the first place is not the conservation, but the conflict.
So what is about is to make a game about how trust the people are the people in front of them.
And I think to be able to make a vaccine, we're willing to focus on three things.
Are you complex? Are you honestly? Are they responsibility?
And if we find that one person is completely in the personal materials and it's responsible and honest and homes, then we're going to have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be digital design.
But yes, by the center -- they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are companies and homes, but I don't trust them to take a letter to the car, because they're school.
I have friends that are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they feel their own companies.
And I got a lot of saying that I don't have a lot of friends that are completely completely and responsible but extremely strangers.
If it's like this, I don't have a principle.
But that's what we are looking at is what we're looking for.
The trust is the answer.
The trust is what we have to do.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few days, we have tried to build systems of researchers for all kinds of institutions for all kinds of institutions and professionals, and so on.
A lot of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they ought it.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the traditional role that will be able to get the part of it.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, which is the energy system that is willing to take care of the trust and the conditions of conflict, actually is actually doing it.
What they do is to make the work of the people who have to make hard task -- like the parts of them, which is going to make the cars, as we say.
I feel that all of you know similar example.
All of that, all of that, for the goal of it.
I think the goal should be more trust -- and that things would be different if we try to be digital discussions, and we will take the people out of the people who are construction, and if we try to figure out if other people or political or political are full of conservation.
It's not easy -- it is the sort of simple, the simple robots -- what you don't do is that you do it.
In third place.
And I would call the task to get the control, put things into the area.
I feel that you and I should be able to get the conversation.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can get a little bit of a conflict.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve the conversation.
But the conflict, in definition, is available because we get other people.
You can't recognize what other people have given you.
You have to give them the enough.
You have to be able to be able to be aware of it.
And that, of course, is because you can't stay, by the general -- all the people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be aware of it.
How do you do that?
That makes a day, all the other people -- it makes the common people, the institutions -- the institutions -- so efficient.
I'll give you a simple example.
The fear where I bought my colleagues say that I can take them out without giving them experiments.
It took them up and give me the money, or you change them by the color that I want.
That is forgiveness.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you look at the other part of the other part -- that's a very good test that you are digital designers, and you have trust in what you're saying about.
So, at the end, I think what we're going to do is not something very hard to stop it.
In what people trust is in the relationships -- and in that market, they can figure out when the other person is full of construction.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers of computers we've been able to reduce the secret between us and the digital information, the secret between our material world and the world of the screen in which the image can be developed.
This sense has been recorded, every more and more and more and more and more and more and more -- at least one of me today is less than one me, the spectrum of the video of a terrible particular and the power of information has become access to everything.
But I ask me, and if there was no bank?
I started to imagine how it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that is inside the digital space -- so when the strong paradigm against the screen.
The designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D ideas, and the scientists can be able to be able to be able to be able to be virtual rooms under the screen.
And so with this tool you take the banks.
But the two hands.
How do you get into the interest and interact with digital information using the whole discovery of your hands in your hands.
In the University of Middle Silicon School, along with my mind Carolina Brown, remote the computer and transform a little space on the ground in a digital area of work.
And by putting a vision with the crisis of a president to stop the decades and the face -- now you can read the hands of the state, get to the international space of 3D space.
As the window and the artists have a relationship in real space -- to them that is so easy as to bring a book from a state.
You can take the book and pick up line or words with the virtual terrible sector that there is under every piece of factory.
The architecture can be able to get out or reduce their markets directly with hands.
In these examples in these examples we went into the digital world.
And if we invented the patterns and make the digital information come back to us?
Second, many of us will have bought and developed things for the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
And what I have here is a virtual test for the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a distance in your head or you think when the system is creating your body.
If we take this idea, I thought, instead of just looking on the space in space, how can we make it physical so that we can put them and do it?
How would a future like that?
In the Middle East, with my Middle East Stanford and my collaboration Richard Park, we create this only physical audience.
So this indication is made as a picture in 3D in space -- which is the computer of the computer as the computers can move the object to any place within this little traditional space.
So similarity, what we did was that we did the grandmother and control the movement for a combination of malaria and medical activity and designers.
And when you pay it directly on the object -- you get it out of the time of time and space -- what you want to say is that human movement can go back and go back and go back into the physical world.
You can think of physical controls and discovery and the famous taken from Michael John you can remember as a physical reality that we want.
And the students can use them as a tool to understand companies as the movement of planets -- the physics -- and in the middle of the monkeys or the text books -- this is a real experience and paradigm that you can play and feel -- it's very powerful here.
But what is more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to protect the world is going to change our private physical activity.
As you see, the digital information is not only going to show us something but to start to act directly about us as part of the physical world that gives us no longer that we have to connect from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a bank, but if we add that back, the only line that is in our image.
Thank you.
I was going to get me to become a bird for two years in Hollywood, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first one, the government wanted to bring to a school for all of the patterns with all the patterns with all of the patterns.
But my mother said he said, "You don't.
My parents wanted me to become an office -- like them.
And then we were able to survive the cultural revolution -- they created that there was only a short way to the happiness -- a safe work and a good job.
No matter if the work would like to do or not.
But my dream was going to be a corner of the China.
This was me, in my image of it.
A lot of people should start to go from very young people to learn the actions, so I tried everything I could go to the school school.
So far I wrote to the distribution of school and at the beginning of a radio program.
But at any point, he gave him the idea.
No adults took me.
Just my friends were going to me, but they were kids, but they were kids, like me.
So the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much more to go in.
My dream will never be done.
It turns out, that during the rest of my life a second class was the only thing I could survive.
And this was so completely.
So I turned out to look at another visual.
No one around my around I wanted to teach me. Okay.
I remember the books.
"Company Community -- "The Chinese Chinese Champagan Come from the history of the Homo House at the United States, and what were the first books that you here?
The ones who were provided in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about the Chinese life.
And it is not proposing construction.
The Bill is interesting -- but it's wrong.
That's a subject for another day.
But the final thing to me was a relationship, "Harry to your father and your mother to your mother and your mother to your mother and your mother to your mother and your mother to your mother and your mother to your mother and your mother to your mother and your mother to your mother and your mother to your mother and your mother to your mother and your mother
"Hard, I said, "It's so different, and much better than you would be about.
So it became my tools to come out of this transportation of control and to reduce the relationship with my parents with me.
The found with a new culture also gave me place to my collective leader.
A lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning of this map this map seemed to me in place because this is what students in China.
James had happened that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map of the people.
The compassion is not something new.
It's a common practice in the architecture world.
There are to be all the way of research of research and complex computer.
It would be able to share and control, and it goes to a more deep understanding of a terrible.
And I thought that if the computer lesson was working to invest to investigated, why not do it in the common life.
So I started to read books of two.
You can try to treat people "The French Francisco Chamber of David Mars of David Mars who were involved in the same state, or friends with shared experience.
For the Critical, the technologies are economic and political and effective.
For the Bangladesh, they are all political, leadership, territory and the social settlement.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two language.
(Audience Chinese Talk Character Thomas Thank you was called The Taliban Wall instead of lost in the transport, found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, this is through the architecture that I realized that "I was selling in China literally means "Come out "Arabia.
And "Christmas in China, literally means "I say?
The books gave me a map of a map to connect with people in the past and the present of the past.
I know it's not going to be used to feel just or impossible never to feel it.
It will have a definition that is really not anything compared to what many other people have ever ever heard about.
I've come to believe that the fact is not the only purpose of a dream of it.
Your most important purpose is to connect with the place that you see the dreams -- where it comes the passion -- where the happiness.
And so far as a medical dream can do that for you.
And it is because of the books today I'm here, happy to live up with purpose and closed, most of the time.
And so the books are always going to get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20, I saw my first piece of education.
I was a digital study in Billian public progress.
She was a woman from 25 years called America.
Audience went back to the first sitting using vaccines and a heart of the head -- it was going to be in the surface of my office was taken up and told me that I wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so support.
And my class of class had a piece like the first classroom.
And I took a sense that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could do it.
But I did not.
With the stories that America brought to the services, it made me easy to move the head while we did the solution.
"The transportation are the new view, he said Australia, and so I see it, she was right.
You start to work later, you have children later, you have kids later, until the death goes after that.
And in order to send them like Australia and I had time for me.
But a little bit later -- my surgeon presents me to protect Arabic that would talk about his own life.
I was responding to me.
I said, "Oh, it's going out with kind of his car -- it goes up with a head head, but it's not like it was going to happen with him.
And then my surgeon said, "You know, but maybe it goes up with the next one.
In fact, the best moment to work on the Mars Mars is before it comes down.
This is what people call a moment "Arabic?
It was when I realized that the 30 isn't the new two.
Yes, people feel head after what it was been able to do, but this didn't make the 20 percent of America were a pattern in their development in their development ...
This was made that the 20 of America were the perfect moment and we were developing.
And so I realized that this kind of black government was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not just for America and their own life but for the cars, the families and the future of all of them all right.
There are 50 million dollars in the United States, today.
This means about 15 percent of the population or 100 percent if you think nobody comes to the adults without going to be done before the 20 percent.
You look at your hand if you're in your two.
I want to see the stages of here.
Oh, yeah, they're amazing.
If you work with you, you love a sea, you love the dream a sea, I want to see it -- it's good.
This is not just my own. These are the facts of them.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go back to the early 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments and time "She gave her life to their life will have happened for when they have 30 and so much.
People from more than 40 -- they don't go in the audience.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a camera have an emotional impact about the amount of money that they will go.
We know that more than half the Americans are going on, live or they're coming out with their future for 30 years.
We know that the brain will end up their second and the last state of growth in their 20 and it is represented for the artists, which means that if there is something that they want to change themselves -- now is the moment to change it.
We know that the person changes more times for their 20 times in any other time of life, and we know that the final phenomenon came to their tourist to the age of 2011, and things come back to the age of 35 percent.
The 20 are the moment to focus on their body and their own people.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are construction for language and the brain in the brain.
It's a moment in which their life and common has an impact in the person who will be become it.
But what we don't listen to is that there is something called the adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in the adult development developed in the adult development of the adult development in the adult development of it.
But this is not what people are listening to.
You know, the perspectives talk about changes in the line of the artificial time.
The researchers call the 20 and a half percent.
The perspectives are going to give you a lot of religious names like "The TV and "Stanford."
It's true.
As a culture -- we have considered a journey that actually is the decade that I define the artist.
George Bennier said that to get big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not right?
So what do you think that happens when you give them a shape in the head and they say, "You have another 10 years to start your lives to start your life?
It doesn't happen.
They went back to that person in the sense of industry and the supply and not absolutely anything.
And then all of the days -- things like you or your children and your children come to my office and you say something like this, "I know that my name is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't realize -- I'm just making time time."
Or say, "You all say that while you start a camera before the 30 -- everything will be good.
But then it starts to sound something like this, "My 20 are going to end and still have nothing to show you.
I was better by the day that I got from the university?
And then it starts to put something like this, "The cars during the 20 were like the game of the signals.
All of them were going to go out and did it, but then at some point around the 30 -- it was getting the music and everyone started to feel it.
I didn't want to be the only one who would be setting up, so sometimes I think I came up with my wife because he was the most close when he was 30,000 when he was 30,000 when he was 30,000 when he was 30,000 when he was 30,000 when he was 30,000 when he was 30,000 when he was 30,000 when he was 30,000 when he was 30,000 when
Where are the senses here?
They don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit exciting, but they don't finish, the risks are very high people.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30 -- there's a huge pressure to the treatment and so many of you start a career, to get a city, to choose a particular, and you have two or three children in a very short time of time a lot more short time.
A lot of these things are not complex, and there are research that start to show you, which is much more difficult and transformational to do all of one time to 30 time.
The crisis of the average age is not about buy red distances of reading.
It's about realize that you can't have the camera that you want now.
I realize that you can't have the son that you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your child.
A lot of transportations and you know you see themselves, and to me, sitting on the room, and you talk about the room, "What was I doing it? What was I thinking about?
I want to change what's doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Starbuck.
At the age of 25, I went to my office because I was in his own words, having an identity of ideas.
He said that I would like to work on art or in the international, but I couldn't say, so I was not able to decide -- so I spent the last few years working as a me.
And as it was a little bit of background, I lived with a note that I would show more early than it would show up.
And in order to live about 20 very difficult life, his entire life had been even more difficult.
I was born in our services, but then he took her back to say, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends, but you can choose your friends.
Well, one day Ella came up with his head on his legs and he was born for almost all the time.
I was just going to buy a new book to disappear, and he had spent all the morning to get up with their many controls, but then he was looking at the visual space that goes after the words of the words "The work of the end of evidence, for a matter called you."
I was at the point of the story when I saw and said, "What is going to be for me if I have a super action?
Who is going to tell me if I give me control?
At that time, I got a lot of work to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And what Evere needed was not a temperature that really is concerned about.
Star needed a better life, and I knew this was their opportunity.
I had learned a lot of since I worked with Arabic as to just feel as the decade of San Space was going on.
So during the next few weeks and months, I said to Ethiopia three things that all of you, man or women, I think you know.
First of all, I said to Earth that was going to be able to get out of that idea of identity and it would get the idea of ideas.
By the bottom of identity -- I mean to do something that you add value to your person.
I do something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the Stanford card, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this control of ideas of identity of identity of ideas.
So now it's the moment for that work in the other side of the country, from that company that you want to try to do.
I am not looking at the experiment exploration, I'm finding the experience that I should not tell you, that, by the way, it's not experiment.
It's protecting.
I said to Earth that would explore jobs and that I did it.
Secondly, I told me to Em that the urban brokens are supporting.
The best friends are exactly to take the substance, but the selections that are together with friends with similar minds that you know, what you know, what you know -- how do you think how you think, and where you work.
That new piece of capitalism, that new person who will go out of it almost comes out of its most close cancer.
The new things come out of what they call the flat friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the senses have a bad work or they don't have work.
But the other half of it, and the street villages are the way to get this group to this group.
The half of the workers created you never put up, then you know the head of your neighbor is the way to get a work for a job of the way that you would have not published it.
It's not to do the state. It's the science of how information is happening.
For the last but not less important, I think that you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a sense, Every single person would choose his family. When I have a wall and he would have his own family.
I told me that the time to choose his family had come back.
Maybe you think that 30 percent is better age to feel that the 20 or even the 25 and I am going to do with you.
But I'm going to choose the person who live now or you get up now when everybody in Facebook starts to walk back to the attention is not program.
The best moment to work on your mother is before you have it, and that means to be so smart in love as you're in the work.
So I'll send your family should be a aware of who and what is what you want instead of just to work or kill time with who it is that you get them to you.
So what happened to Mars?
Well, we came up with that distribution, and she found the cost of a picture that was working on an art of art in another state.
And this standard village helped him get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the notion that I lived in.
Now, five years later, it is a special species of events in mind.
So this house with a man who would choose construction.
I love his new career, I love his new family, and he sent me a song that he said, "I'm going to tell you about the experience of experience are not enough enough enough.
The Star story can sound easy -- but that's what I love to work with insights.
It's very easy to help you.
The senses are kind of kind of kind of kind of coming out of the approach of the States, which come to some place of the stage.
Just before the distance, a robotic light in his transportation makes the difference between the distribution or in Facebook.
In the same way, at the same way, at the age of 24 or even at the age of 24 -- a good conversation -- a good TED talk can have huge effects in the next few years, or even in the next generation.
So here is my idea of discussion to all the senses that you know.
It's so simple as what I learned to tell Aristotle.
This is what I now have to tell you to teachers like Mars every day, the transportations are not the new 20, and they are not going to get their artificial, and they have a control of identity -- they use their black villages, they choose your family.
They don't let me define what they didn't know or what they did not do.
They're saying their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 24 years old, I left a very successful work in a work that was even more experience, the decision.
I was going to show you mathematics in the public schools in New York.
And as any process, I went up and printers.
I give them the tasks.
When the work goes back, I would hear the cars.
What I called the attention was that Collider was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones who had a better distribution had no bees of CO2 properties.
Some of my most smart kids were not going to be so well.
And that led me to think.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in the second one, safe -- they're difficult -- plants, the area of a paradigm.
But these concept are not impossible and it was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during the time.
After several years later, I got to the concept that what we need in education is a better understanding of the students and learning from a moral perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure a better way.
It's the CO2, but what if you have success in school, and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn in very fast and easy.
So I left the units and I went to the University to become a police.
I started to study children and adults in all kinds of challenges -- and in every study my question was, who has success here and Why?
My research team and I went to the Microsoft Microsoft Washington.
So we try to predict what you can start in the military technique and who would be recording.
We went to the National North Congress and we try to predict what children are going to be able to get the most possible thing in the computer.
So we study the national teachers working in really difficult bases, asking what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the year, and of those who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learning of their students from their students.
We put up with private companies -- asking what these trees are going to keep their form of work?
And who is going to make more money.
In all of those very different conditions -- it would be a control as an important impact of success.
And it was not the social intelligence.
It wasn't the good printer, the physical health and not the CO2.
It was designed.
Depression is particular and presentation to reach very long flowers.
The device is to have resources.
The democracy is to go to their future, day after day, not just for the month, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
Depression is to live life as if it was a marketing, not a car at all.
A few years ago, I started to study the device in the public schools of China.
I asked thousands of high students that made my designers of designers and then wait about more than a year to see those of you who are gradually.
It turns out that children who were going to be more likely to make it even more likely -- even when you put them into each correspondent that I could measure -- things like the family, the results of the strange principles, even the security that they feel the kids when they were in school.
So it's not only in New York or in the National National National Center in which the designer -- it's also in school, especially for the children in risk to take it.
For me, the most important thing about democracy is the little thing we know, the little thing you know about your development on your development ...
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the design in the children in the children in the children.
What do I have to do to teach kids a piece of work of work?
How do you move the long minimum?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  And what I know is that the stage doesn't give you.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of things that are simply not going to go up with their companies.
In fact, in our data, the complex development is not relationship or it's even related to the middle of the state.
Until now, the best idea I've heard about develop the discovery in the children is something called behavior of growth."
This is a developed idea in the University of Steve Department, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fail, that it can change with the hope.
Dr. Department has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in the challenge of the challenge -- they're much more likely to think about when they fail, because they don't think that that factory is a perfect conversation.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop designers.
But we need more.
And there is where my discovery, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have in front of us.
We need to take our best ideas, our most strong institutions and we need to protect them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we have to be willing to face, to begin to start to start all of new with the leaders to learn it.
In other words, we need to be decided about making our kids more detecting them.
Thank you.
I grew up in Japanese as the son of a dolphin, one of my most sophisticated resources is my mother showing the beauty -- the form and the future of the China.
From that moment, I was wonderful by this incredible language.
But for an extra, it seems to be so interesting as the Great Maria Color.
In the last few years, I've been asking me if I can do this motion, so that I want to understand and learn the beauty of this language of language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new method and quickly to learn China could be useful to be useful to be useful to learn it.
Since I was five years old, I started to learn how to draw each of the transportations of each car in the right.
I learned new cars every day for the next 15 years.
We just have five minutes, is better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese action would understand 20 couples.
You just need a thousand to understand the basic office.
The first 200 of them will allow them to understand 50 percent of the basic level, enough to read sensors of transport, to understand the basic idea of the website.
Today, I'm going to start with eight to show you how it works.
Are you ready?
They were going to go up with her back as much as it is possible until it is completely.
They get a back.
This is a person who's going to give a country.
person.
If the shape of the fire is a person with both sides in both side, as if it was stranged in a fantastic way, "Shere? So I am a real survival of the form of the call -- but I like to believe that it is the other way that it works.
This is a tree one.
tree one.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The line.
The species of the door looks like a couple of door in the old side.
I call these eight cars.
They are kind of building to make a lot more consumer.
One person.
If someone walking back, that's going to be stand."
As the animal says, two are company, three are music.
If one person would be their arms -- this person is saying it was a big thing.
The person inside the dog, the person is applied.
It's a prison, such as John inside the bank.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together, we have a short.
Three trees together, we also have the short.
They put a bank under the tree -- we have the tests.
They put a box on the tree -- that's a "completely?  So I want to remember -- because a particular tree is pretty interest.
Do you remember the fire?
Two of them together, it makes a very hot thing.
Three days together, that's a lot of calls together.
They put the fire under the two trees -- that's going to be.
For us, the sun is the source of property.
Two soldiers together.
Three together, those are disasters.
You put at the sun and the language back together, that's the base.
It also means morning, after one day and one night.
The sun came on the horizon.
A door. They put a talent inside the door -- is the bottom of the door is.
They put a box inside the door -- making questions.
I was going to have somebody in here?
This person is coming out of a door of a door -- spending it.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discovered.
Three women together, they have corruption is an artificial one.
So we've already spent for almost 30 cars.
When you use this method, the first eight religions will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight cars to build other 32.
So with every little effort -- will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of curves, which is the same thing that I learn a Chinese Chinese chair.
So after you know the cars, we started to create first.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a flower of fish. It's a volunteer.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun.
So this is a collective sun with the article, because Japan is at the China.
So one single thing to the organic, we create John Japan.
One person behind Japan -- what do we do?
A paradigm person.
The camera to the left is two money on the other.
In the China, that means in experience, because the Chinese developers would take their political energy beyond the mountains.
Today, the experience has become to go.
A baby that tells you to where to go out is a room.
This is a device to remind you that I should stop talking about and get out of the stage. Thank you.
What I think of being dad is the film that comes to see.
I love to share my favorite phones with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the map of the Olympic together.
The film is the image for months.
His favorite piece was George, of course.
And he gave him a good experience to use a brilliant sea and bring a magic value.
But when you look at that film so many times, you get to understand that it is amazing.
We now live and we created our children in a kind of individual computer of functional species.
However, the map of others was a presentation in themselves.
I didn't start that conversation.
The fear really took a few years later -- and the other film -- another film of the printers, a metal girl and a bit of minister recognized to a young girl in the risk of the energy.
You know what I'm talking about --  Yeah.
There's a great difference between these two film, there are a couple of big differences between the map of Air and all the film that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the middle of Okay.
The models are quite arguments, like the factors.
But I think that if the map of the Arab was done today, the map would say, "The shoes are the sales of Air as the test of it.
You use the magic markets to get the empires of the grandmothers in the bacteria of the bank back.
But that's not what happens.
Another thing about the magnetic map is that the most standards -- you know and even vision are women.
I started to notice this when I was going to be able to be able to look at my son, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a child.
It's just three years.
It wasn't invented to the project because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the level of surgery had come down.  So it was starting in the room and I was invited as a mother with his parents behind it, and I don't think he would understand what he was going on, but he went out of everything.
I ask me what it is.
It would be value issues and present and ready?
Do you have the feeling that Late is one of the stage to deal with the government?
We will share this with the map of Air 1990.
How do you get Dan Danian your film?
making good men with all of them and being a problem.
It's the kind of world in which I want my kids to grow Okay, and not a world of men who called it, which is where we are.
Why is it so much failure face for France, force in the film for our children, and so little about the way of the broken landscapes of the broken landscapes?
There is a lot of light about the impact of the movie movement of the motor violence in the kids, and they should read it. It's very good.
I have not read so much about how kids are going to look at this state.
I know for experience that the Lake Laden was not going to make me the world of adults that is minute.  I think at the moment of the first beautiful, I really hope that the creatures are actually going to start to go back because it's the end of the movie -- right?
My service has ended up, I have no name.
Why do you get up there?
I don't know what I should do.
The film is going to be able to get into the video and get their research, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other things.
It's almost as if to be a child, you have to be a strange animal and if you're a girl -- you have to use a war of war.
There are a lot of experiments.
But they send a message to kids, even though they are, and they are not really their open audience.
They do a financial work to teach kids how to be able to deal with the pattern, but they don't necessarily show the kids how to stop the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our kids, so real and transportations like Steve and Kansas, but they don't stop to be a war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all of the times I continue to take in climate after the climate of the college of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who have a child.
Until many of you are thinking -- this year, this year, I finally came out.
And you get all of you to all of you -- it's already available in you.
Do you remember what the critical said when I came out of Carolina?
I can't believe that Protection has made a film of a principle.
It's very good. They don't let them do it.
Well, almost no one of these films is the test of Benjamin.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It has not been born and still provided, but maybe we start a movement.
American Benni is a box of companies, and at the middle of the 1970s, I got a conversation that had had with a friend of the film of the film that they saw it.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you have to do -- in the movie -- there are more than a final period that has lines?
So you have to take the research.
These women are talking to each other at some point of the middle?
Their conversation are about something else from the girl that so many of them like that?  Right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things between it.
It happened. I have seen it -- and yet very quickly I see it in the context that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality -- Arabic.
Right?
Probably not the test of Bennian.
And I don't think I would say, because a lot of the film -- I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film is going on in a room where men and women are starting for the crisis of the records.
We have a lot of men who have deep conversation and plants in this scale, and it's the great moment for one of the bacteria to take a look at the door and say, you go to the car, closely?
This is Homo.
So you put them in the numbers in the numbers.
In 2010, in the 100 of them more popular movie -- how many of them believe that they have physical printers?
It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we've been able to do for the Country, then it's good.
But there is a bigger number that this is going to stop this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it has been completely quickly in their life.
I don't think that it is the survival of the massive interaction.
I don't think the film for children have something to do with that.
I still believe that the music video or programming are strange in the middle of the music and something wrong -- and when I hear that study -- one of the things that I think is that there is a huge amount of sex.
Who are those guy. What are you doing?
What do you not get to learn.
They're looking at the story that he says that the role of a mass home is to be able to get up with violence with violence and then come up with the record, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and not talking about?
Are we advanced that story.
You know, as a father with the chance of creating a child like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very short statistics and we want to put them out.
We have tools to our device as a police and we hope that it helps it, but I have to ask it, but I have to ask you, but I have to ask them to protect them if at the same time, article or profound, are we sent to our children so that they keep their motor power?
I mean, I think the Lester list is a way to do something really important -- and here I really mean to the parents here.
And I think we have to show our children a new device of man.
And the distribution of magic is changing radical.
You will have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the authority.
It's all changed.
When I was asked to my daughter what his favorite piece of Dr. Do you know what you respond?
Walking.
Walk and Galapampular.
What do you have in common these two.
Maybe it's not just the basis show.
I think they're experiment.
I think these are the two people in those molecules that you know more than no one -- and you love to share their knowledge with other people to help them get their potential to them.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my son, and I like that kind of stories for my child.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which I say to my son, I see and more stories where you see that your work is to go to a team -- maybe a team called women -- help other people to improve and be better people, like the map of each other.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Mars and one of the things that I would like to look at was to look at the car cars in the middle of Mars because my parents told me that that would give me.
But you know, it's hard to find these controls.
They're controlled and it's hard to see it.
However, with the time, I was going to show you to them.
I started to see ways and patterns that help me make them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the article.
And finally when I started to study station, I realized that to do with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because of course, my little bottle in Mars had grown up to one of almost 3,000 miles of leadership to the Newton.
And my games of sea had created the size of cities.
This is really what it took me to use the standard images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew that I had to see another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see the infrastructure.
This is a particular place in the West Archimase called Benjamin.
And the place, at simple view, it seems to be moving, but when we use the infrastructure and we try to use it by using it, it turns out the place you see as a biological principle.
What you're looking at are the real chemical changes of the paradigm that are the real chemical changes of building and the activity of the entrepreneurs of the entrepreneurs.
I want to share with you how we have used the satellite data to find an ancient city called Stanford, lost for thousands of years.
Standard was the capital of the Earth Earth for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle East, about 400 years ago.
The place goes into the Facebook, Egypt, and it is really important because in the Middle East, there was this big architecture of the old art of the old art and the relationship and the religion of it.
The engineers have always known that Steve was standing up in some place about the particles of the two rules that they build them, invented within the red cameras here, but somewhere within this huge plant of station.
This area is enormous -- it is a lot of 35 percent of 400 miles per day.
Before the stage right at the side of Stanford and as it changed with the time, it gets back to the time, and I got all the city.
So how do you find a common city in a strange paradox?
So I will try to find it in order to look at the entrepreneur to look at a back in a dance, with the eyes and using the black gas.
So we use the DNA data to make a map of the place, with very sophisticated change.
We were able to see where the New York.
But you can see more distinction, and it is even more interesting -- this area is literally starting to look inside the cancer here, that we thought it could be the extra of Ethiopia.
So we connected with the scientific scientists doing the state workers -- you can see it here.
When I say shows, it is like the shows of shows in ice -- but instead of climate change, we look at human conservation.
five meters down, under a group of the state, we found a piece of control objects.
So this means that in this possible position of Tata, five meters down, we have a control of several hundreds of years from the Middle East, exactly the same period that we think is Starbuck.
We also found work workers -- collective, correct and classroom, what I found out there was a way of the time.
This might seem that it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common people used in the Middle East, these are the legs that were used to us.
So we have a control thing that causes from the Middle East in this place.
We also have the evidence of a little bit of light that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We didn't find Tamil here, but we go back to the place in a very short future to get it.
And even more important -- we have the resources to act young people in the use of the sensitive technology so that they can also make big designers.
I want to end with my favorite quote of the Middle East, was probably written in Stanford 400 years ago.
So share the knowledge is most of the volunteers.
There's nothing like that.
So it looks like that, TED was not actually found in 1980s.
It made the ideas happen. It was actually started in 1945, in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high thing.
It certainly put the search of manufacturing control in people.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to tell you the eyes.
So I got out of love to the door of the house.
I want you to put attention to the door of the door -- to the material that's done.
Now you get a group of the bears in the banks.
They are involved in a college college and they're going to go into the door of the street.
I need to look at this.
They are supposed to be supporting, they're going to get a lot.
And they come up against the door of his home.
There are blocks flying all over the parts that are going on to their side -- robots that are going to go into the right places that will end up in open places. They put the computer of the door out.
At the state, or what there is the other side of the door -- and look at the quality of light.
It is happening with the hand.
From his signal, about a mother mother.
It's a child I talked about.
You can feel your blue little blue back in the north.
You can put it into the size of virus and countries that are about to move on the box.
They go through one side and come to his room to be.
In the room, and doing a lot of your imagination -- imagine Brazil Santa.
It is with a little bit of a short, based on his center of center -- saved "Here "The "Tali Mars Mars Times.
Now let me go to the control.
The ground has been developed with a path of yellow landscapes and from the hospital come to you and from the horizon come to you -- the Mars Man, the Space and the Lind Man of "A Olympic Mars, strange out to you.
Okay.
And I want to tell you about a central control that was taken up every single piece in New York City.
It's called the Marine Mandela of the United States.
I was going to get this event a few years ago as a scientific private, waiting -- I guess that this was like the end of a surgery of a surgery.
There were several men and a few days of different species and different hands of habit.
They were moving hundreds of public numbers -- looking at just one time.
It would move the name of tens and tens of streets.
It would be able to be able to be able to be able to be used in just minutes.
They used to see who I could move with greater radio the order of a brand bank.
And I thought, "This is interest."
These people have to be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the companies.
This is a man called Earth Chamber who had been coming from England and that has one of the best memories that have been the best companies.
I asked him, "You know, when do you realize that you were a state?
I said, "I am not a know.
In fact, I have a average medicine.
All of the people who come from this company say that they have a normal medicine.
We have been able to do these things that are used to do these things that are used by a lot of marketing techniques using a few years ago in Green, and the same technologies that I used Carol to move up their discovery, and that the average activities used to be able to measure the word books?
And my relationship was, "Oh! How did I have no heard of this?
We were sitting out of the room of the company, and I was who is a wonderful English and basic, even though a little bit of exciting, he said, "Wow, you are a United States.
Do you know Brazil Santa?
And I said, what? No, Why?
Because I would like to show you to Brazil, how to measure the order in a back of nations in a living terrified.
And that would give him the world that anyone can do it.
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britain Santa, but maybe you can teach me.
You know, you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
It ended up spend most of the next year not just to get my memory -- but I also tried to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what it can be their potential here.
I met a lot of people really interesting.
This is a man called America.
He's super-present, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, is impossible.
Some incredible transportation, but it was a window that allows you to see what our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the species I met this man.
This is Karachia Peter.
We spent a task together in the public public of the Palestinian Latin Latin College, and it was controlled by the telephone of the telephone -- it was control.
And when you go back, you get a amount of treatment about the written memory something more than 2,000 years ago in the Arabic, and then in the Middle East, and then in the Middle East, and then in the Middle East, and then in the Middle East, and then in the Middle East, and then in the Middle East, and then in the Middle East, and then in the
And I learned many really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having the medical memory and completely construction was not a thing as close as it can look like today.
It makes a lot of time, people invented in their memory -- to protect their mind.
These technologies have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed. And I would say that they have changed it as well.
As we almost don't have a need to remember -- sometimes it looks like we have forget how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where you still find people arrested by this idea of a medical memory and construction and company is this company so successful to me.
It's actually not so supermarket, there are companies like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people.
A few years ago, a group of researchers of the University of London investigated to a group of markets -- the lab.
Do you want to know that it has brains in some way, structure or an entirely different part of the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are you more smart than the rest of it?
And they gave them a collective teacher, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting difference and means between the brains of memory markets and the top of the control of control with them.
When they put them in a magic marketing machine -- they were sent their brains as they were made numbers and faces and forms of correct countries, they found that in the members of memory they were sent parts of the brain, different to others.
In effect they used -- or they seem to use it, a part of the brain that invented space and national memory.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
And the terms of the computer medicine is made as a common car in where every year it comes up with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of computers should put a day.
So this is my friend Bennian Brazil, three times a market.
In his written -- in front of him, there are 35 degrees of correct numbers that he's going to try to measure in a hour -- using a technology that he invented and just he was despite.
He used a similar technology.
In a half time. Yeah.
And as there is a great amount of ways to remember things in these companies -- absolutely all the technologies are used to the end of a single concept that the politicians call "Compose "computer?
And it would put up with a spirit school known as the Bangladesh Bush -- "Been saying the next thing -- I tell two people who remember the same word -- you say that there is a man called Britain.
That is his paradigm.
And then I asked them, "I remember there's a "completely "wind "complete."
And when I came back later, and I asked you to remember that word that I told you a car for a car to do a car a car."
Do you remember what was it?
The person who told him that his name is Brazil is a little bit likely to remember the same word that the person who told his work is "self."
The same word -- different ability to remember -- that's right.
What happens here?
Well, the name Boy, actually doesn't mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship for you.
And with all the other people who were going to go through their head.
But the word "makes, "Western -- we know stuff.
They use a lot of white games.
They have hands in the hands.
They feel good when they come home to work.
We probably know some painting.
And when we got that word for the first time, we started to put a little bit of automobile anti-single properties to put them down at some time.
One of the most exciting technologies to do this data in order to do this 25 years ago in the U.S.
It knows like the movie of memory.
And the story says this -- there was a little bit called Senior that would look like a bank.
They had been connected as an information, because if you wanted to give a very good chair, it didn't take a David at a point.
He came up on it, he was able to get his memory of memory and she was made, and he was so soon in the bottom of the bank was controlled.
They are moving to everything.
But not only I did all of them to all, but I discovered the bodies to be able to be able to give them the computers.
No one could say who was there, no one could remember where they were sitting on.
So they could not be able to take the body.
A traditional behind the other.
Some sites, it was used to go out, only survival, in the middle of the empires, and I realized that with the eyes of their mind, I could see where it had been sitting up every invention.
I took the families of the hand to put them back to where they were the ones that were going to be a waste between the stages.
What we feel in that moment is something that we all know about that moment is something that we all know more or less impossible, and it is that no matter if we are not good to remember name or numbers of phone or words of the word of our colleagues -- we have visual memory and special space.
If I asked you to give me the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simon, it's very likely to be very hard to do it.
But I would guess that if I asked you to say who I was sitting on the word paradigm in his short, they would be able to get it.
The idea of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and population of images with the things that you want to remember -- how much more local -- detail, thank you, thank you and automatically is the image -- more interested to be.
This is a concept that comes from over 200 years ago, to the first treatments of memory -- at all.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED school to give a talk and you want to do it in the same way that it would have done if you would have been invited to Twitter 200 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that they're in the door of your home.
And I would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to help us remember that the first thing that you want to mention is that completely interested computer.
And then you can imagine in your house, and you see the Mars Mars of the Gallon Gallon on Mars Earth.
And that would tell you that they want to test his friend of Times.
And then you would see Brazil Singapore to remind you that thank you really want to tell you.
And then they went into the card, and the fourth thing that they would talk to would be that strange journey that they did for a year ago, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
So this is how the rich printers would move their discovery, no word for the word -- which is going to be able to trust them but take it up by typical thing.
In fact the "Telescope team comes from the "Chinese "Stanford, which means "slow?
It's a view of when people think about the wrong and the relationship with this kind of space terms of space.
The first part of the first place, it would be like the first place in your memory of me.
I saw that this was just fascinating -- and I got full of it.
I went to some of these messages of memory and I had the idea of writing something except about this building of complex memories.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a message of memory is a professional professional event.
In fact, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting out -- I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets up the face of it.
I'm a period and I need to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in your place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before they sit to see the New York Times -- just trying to remember something.
Maybe a position. Or the name of an old authority showed in a marketing market.
And I found out that this was incredibly interested.
Japan had found that it was.
It was installing, because it was not just trying to get the memory of me.
What it's actually about doing is better than the ability to create and imagine these religious images and control, consequences, control, and entrepreneurs and entrepreneurs in the eye of the mind.
I was pretty excited about this.
And this is me, using my team to be able to be able to take a matter of memory for me.
It is a couple of jobs and a couple of secrets of secret security with the fact that we have just two holes -- because the distribution is the worst energy of a message of memory company.
And I ended up coming back to the same context that I had made a year before. I had the idea that I could interviewed -- in a kind of private private experience.
I thought this could be a good thing for all my research for all of my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the cancer, something I didn't have to happen.
And of course it is closed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to move discoveries, but actually this is not the point.
These are just transportations that work.
Because they are based on very basic principles about how the brain.
And it's not need to be able to build papers out of the memory or to move up banks of nations -- to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how their mind.
We are talking about people with a great memory as if it comes to a decade -- but it's not the case.
The big memory is education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we put attention up.
We remember when we tell us about it.
The market of memory -- these memory technologies are just banks.
In fact, they don't even have a real task.
They work because they make us work.
They found a kind of deep process -- a kind of completely complicated attention that most of them don't go through there.
But the reality is that there's no streets.
This is how things are doing metaphors.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today is what I want to leave you today is what I could even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the size of our resources.
How many of us are going to lose what we are all the fact that we have all of us in the Bangladesh or ideals, not putting attention in front of us, who was walking to our side -- we will be so hard that we don't even move in process in protection?
I learned from the first hand that there are an amazing memory of amazing memory in all of us.
But if you want to live a movement life, you have to be the kind of person who will remember remember it.
Thank you.
Now I'm going to talk about the last 30 years of the history of architecture in the story.
It's a lot to get in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue -- so we will take a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am from Nick.
In the middle of my drug, I was the guy who share with my sister with me.
And among my drug and the bank, there was a bacteria that I was going to go to the room of be.
And there they all went up with the car looking at the table. So every time I was from my room to the back, they all looked at me, and every time I would tell me and come back in a team, all of me.
And I was like this.
It was transparency, increased and he did.
I would be able to get that research, he would hate that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
Listen.
Those feelings that I felt -- that is the power of architecture -- because architecture is not about mathematics -- not about the materials, but of those visual connections that we feel in the places that we support.
And it's not to explain that we feel that way, because I remember with the Archimate Project  the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the track.
Or it is, 50 percent of the time are recently surrounded from architecture today.
That's a lot.
And the architecture is given us in ways that we don't even realize us.
And that makes us a little bit of interest and very, very present.
This means that when you show you a building like this, I know what you care about -- you think of "work, "stranger and democracy.
And I know that you think about it in a building built 24 years ago.
This is a tradition.
It's a detector that use the architecture to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings in.
It's an emotional emotional connection -- we've used this task for a long time, a long time.
We use it 200 years ago.
We use it in the 19th century.
And in the 21st century, we use it to build home.
Look at these statistics statistics, signals, in front of the sea, you get out of the electricity.
This is very, very useful because building things is automatic.
It's control, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated to it.
The people who build them, and the governments and governments are always fear to innovation and they want to use ways they know they're going to work.
So we found with buildings like this.
This is a huge building.
This is the University of Liberia who ended up in 2007, and you know, it has a paradigm, and you know, it has a paradigm, and you know, it has a red thing, color landscape, which will let be able to deal with this building.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a biology today.
And that same year, in 2007, at the other side of the country, it would be another biomass, which is like this.
It's in Sea.
This bank shows how we use the media media in the digital era of it.
It's a new kind of public team for the city, a place to get back and share and share it.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings -- both of these buildings -- these are just so completely different.
And the answer is that architecture works the beginning of the world.
In one side is the innovation -- the architecture that are able to take new technology, new technology, new solutions for the form of life.
We discovered and we put so much, that we get completely from people.
All of the black -- you know, you think that we feel very well, but we're dead by the inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go to the other side and come back to the other side of those survivors that are seeing them.
So we do it, and we are all happy -- but we feel like transportations, so we started to experience the power of the back of the back, one and over again, so we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago.
The architecture were experienced with the carbon called the "black call.
It has to do with the environment.
That can be analyzed.
Very small school, in a sensitive scale.
It's really very hard.
So we went back to the 1980s, and we started to identify those sites.
We put the power back in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that they like and we get them.
And we fall up and we go together and we use new materials.
I love it.
We don't give it out.
We take the Chinese and we put them in the colors, which can be strange machines of life.
The forms are stranged, they won in education and color.
The oceans became colors.
The scientists grew up to the size of the building.
It's a local.
But they were the 1960s, that was great.
We all look at the face in social centers -- we moved to the banks, and there in the surgery, we can create our own architecture failures.
And those pictures could be to medical measure, and the fraction.
It was possible with a sense of parks.
This is what happens to the position.
This is what happens to the species.
They're easy -- they are baseball, because instead of creating new spaces -- we remember other places.
I know very well, and all you know, that this is not the Tali.
This is Harvard.
And the architecture will be freedom, and we started to make the power in the other direction.
In the early 80 years, we started to experience with the developing development.
So we would find the stories -- now we tell us with new technical design technologies by computer, and we found with new companies -- a few ways that are stars against other ways.
This is an artist and a bit of a paradigm, and it is to be improved -- you have a completely exciting one.
You know, the political put it back in a new distance.
But then something else happened.
In 1945, it goes into this building.
It's the George George -- from Frank General.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Gandhi said that Bill was one of those moments when criminals, which is when they created and public and public in general -- they were completely about a building.
The New York Times comes up with this microscope control.
The British in Bill was going to be in 200 percent when the building.
So, suddenly all the world wanted one of those buildings -- Stanford, Stanford, Christmas, New York, College, College.
All the world wanted one, and George was everywhere.
And he was our first story.
But how is it possible that these forms and salts and radio, how is it possible to become serious in all the world?
And it happened -- because the media came up with them and quickly we learned that those ways are going to be culture and terrible.
We've created an emotional relationship with these ways.
The same thing did the world's main rates in the world.
So they all believe that if they had these forms -- they had culture and terrible.
This phenomenon of the new million happened with other things.
I went to Radio and Denda, and what happened with these little arms of light in the New York. It actually started to spend with all the architecture -- the digital media began to increase the speed of information.
You think, for example, how do you get architecture up.
A thousand years ago, you would have to be walking up to the next oil to see a building.
The treatment gets around, you can take a bank, a stage, you can be strangers.
The substance technology -- you can see in the periodics, in the phone -- and at the end, we are all pictures of architecture -- and the building becomes beyond their physical office.
The architecture is all over the right now, that means that the speed of companies has finally launched the speed of architecture of architecture ...
Because architecture became so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and in that time, an architecture can design two, eight or 100 building, before you know whether you design four years ago, it was a success or not.
Because there has never been good research in architecture today.
This is how we find with buildings like this.
The bacteria was not a two years, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we didn't have no idea how much they had them.
That is never going to go back to happen. I think, because we're in the biggest revolution in the architecture of the ants from the ants of the ants or the arm, and it's the revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the power to the media media -- it starts to be able to be able to be in both of us at all.
Now we can make them almost interested -- with emotional care, from something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works.
And we were connected to keep this building that you get up.
This is the center of a village called Parks in France Election, in the state of New York City.
It's a community.
But that means that two years before it was going to end the building, it was part of the community, and as the doctors looked exactly at the beginning of it, there was no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community. That first time, when people started to get and put it into social media -- the building left to be a building -- it became a building -- it became a community -- because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you did from the building.
And as you use the use to tell your story, you become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes you control with the collective memory -- and when you put these silences, we learn.
I mean, we don't need them to tell us how to think about architecture to us.
We can tell us how we think about architecture because digital media has not changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the building.
Think about a second in the Lindert banks.
If that building was built today, we went to the Internet of "starting "submitted?
We would be based with examples of experience, of innovation -- about what it can be a biology.
That's music.
Marstems that you can take at the level of Liberia, to people in Liberia, and tell you that there is no only answer to what it can be a biology today.
We are part of this.
So this supply of solutions day to experience it.
It's all different now.
The architecture is not those music creatures that use global words and computer drawings, and one is not a preventing audience that doesn't get something that has no seen before.
The architecture can listen to it, and you don't let be able to be able to be able to deal with architecture of architecture here.
That means that the political power of a state to other, from a movement to other, is incredibly.
In fact, we can go down and find solutions to the problems that face society.
This is the end of the story, and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings of today.
This means that a public space in the city city of San California can be only and apply to the middle of a modern city.
This means that a state in Brazil, can be that, a state in Brazil, and not a bad story story of red landscape in ideas of what it has to be a state.
This means that a few robots will be building our buildings because we finally will be ready for the ways that they're going to produce it.
That means that buildings are moving to the nature of nature and not to the control.
So this means that a piece of paper in my Boston Ben -- France, can also be able to be able to make a distance or for the state, or even one can happen in the night.
So this means that three architecture can go into the Stanford Research of New York of New York, and it will get a million dollars of the community of the community of that cause -- it's no longer just a alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation -- like this little piece of research, as well as the animals that are going to look at it.
Because it's no matter if it's a value or a robot who built our buildings to build us.
It doesn't matter how we build -- what we build is what we built in.
The architecture already know how to make more effective buildings and more interesting and more paradigm.
We've been waiting for all of you.
And finally, we are not at the opposite side.
They find an architecture -- and we work together and we work together to make better building, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
The buildings don't only remember our society, but they give it way to the smaller spaces -- the local banks, the local bones, the homes where we form our children, and the step of the drug to the bank.
Thank you very much.
This is my surgery, Stanford.
I just had a year and I started walking up.
And it does it in that great way, the typical of the kids in a year, taking as if their body was moving too quickly for their legs for them.
It is completely important.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the species.
She really love her relationship.
It goes up and coming up, and it gives themselves the same big ones and lights.
It's beautiful.
And then, all their friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and made me think, when about doing this?
How are we not going to do with our advertising?
Because, you know, you don't like it.
Every month, 10 people are looking at Google, "I'm fine?
This is Frank, it has 12 years and live in Department.
And as any professional, I just want to be wanted to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get it out.
It is destroyed by the night.
It's going for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear -- it's a little bit construction, because despite your mom tell you all the face that is beautiful, all days in school, someone tells you it's fish.
What his mom tells him and what his friends, or how his friends, or they say, I don't know who to believe it.
So a video of her, I put it in Peter, and I asked others to leave a start, am I a bit or amazing?
Well, until now, it has ever been more than 12 computers.
Some of these are so distribution, that I don't even think about it.
We talk about a blood set and normal, which got these answers in one of the stages of their most exciting life of their life.
thousands of people are published video like this, in their greatest kids trying to communicate this way.
But what are you trying to do this?
Well, the patterns today are never alone.
They're based out of being in line and disappears all the time, talking about, coming up, giving me a little bit of this, becoming a property, building, that is never ended up up.
Never before we've been so connected -- in the way, in the way, so young people.
As a mother told me, "It's like there is a picture in your face all the night?
There is just no privacy.
And the social processes that go from the hand with that they're completely.
This environment -- to be always connected to our kids to move down in the number of "I like you have and the kinds of companies that you get in.
There's no difference between a life and the real life.
It's really hard to know the difference between what is real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is automatic and what is making a lot of distant.
What is the biggest thing in the life of someone in front of somebody in front of what is normal in a digital context?
And where are you looking at the interaction?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are part of the news.
The moral models of the brain will come up with our particles.
The terrible technology is now a radio.
And you think like, "The Taliban, Santa, Arabic and a paradigm.
For those who said, it would be presented by protection.
These issues are associated from women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to do with what the young people.
But the kids are not really important to this.
It's like the surface stars of the surgery, and the restaurant states.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we still want our children to grow sound and be very well-being institutions.
But in a cultural culture -- we're teaching our kids to stop more time and mental effort to their arms, at the price of all of the other things of their identity in it.
So things like their relationships -- the development of their physical skills -- their students and others are starting to follow it.
Five percent of every 10 children would be able to do something because they think they don't see how much good enough.
These are not a traditional activity.
They are fundamental activity for their growth as human beings and how to convince society and the field of the dark development of the dark development of the developing development of the developing development of the developing development of the developing development of the developing development of the developing development of the developing development of the developing development of the water.
33 percent -- almost one of three percentages are not interested in the class of class -- they see it in the streets of car because they don't want to call the attention for their physical species.
One of five are not going to go to clear in the days when you don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the temperature of experts -- if you don't think you see how much good enough -- especially if you don't believe that you are enough enough -- you will get a little bit less to the average of your companies who don't worry about it for the approach.
And this phenomenon has gone in France, the United States and China.
And it goes into what they actually get these young people.
So, so that it is very clear -- we're talking about how you see you, not about how you're really like.
The survival of your body is devices the article record.
And it's also taking the health.
The patterns with a little bit. They are going to make less physical activity -- they eat less frankly and virtual particles, they are going to go in more distinctions that can take them to a food.
They have some supermarket.
They are easier by the people who remember them, and they are in most of them in a lot of device.
And we think that's all over this for what they take more responsible, like the control of a local and decades and decisions of decades, self-assembly sensors, sensitive relationships and without protection and profit and discovery.
The piece of the perfect body is paying to the health system, and our government costs thousands of dollars every year.
And we are not constructed.
women who believe that they have a whole bunch of again in whether they have or they don't have a lot of seasons.
The 18 percent of women are not present to a work of work in one day where you don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we were able to know this, what would that opportunity would be that opportunity.
Let me deal with this potential for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about it, you don't take it very far away.
It doesn't look like.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to control trust in their own body.
We have to help our colleagues to develop structures to keep the pressure of perfect images and build their supercomputer.
The good news is that there are many different programs to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of problems really interviewed -- not to realize the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program is not used to just have a positive impact but also a dark impact as well.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the influence of family and friends and relationships.
These six species are particular parts for any willing to bring an education in the body surgery that works.
One education is fundamental -- but you will get to this problem that comes from every one of us that we take the eyes in the issue and we have a better model to follow women and children in our own lives.
It will develop the current state of how women are seen and mental in our cities.
It's not good to tell you with the property of our policy colors or the size of your children, or the size of your children, or the success of a computer arm depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty of it.
We need to start to play people for what they are, not as you see.
All of us can start doing the responsibility for the kind of images and companies that we published in our social resources.
We can choose the people based on their effort and their bacteria and not in their arms.
And let me ask you to ask you, when was the last time they had a stage of a stage?
You see, we have to work together as community, as governments and as companies to actually change our culture -- so that our children will grow out all their people, value the industry -- the diversity -- the disease.
We have to put people who are really moving the difference in a piece.
In order to make a difference in the real world, we make them go out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world in where our kids are free to become the best version of them, where the way they think they see that you can never be able to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind.
On your species?
On his stage?
On your daughter?
So your surgery?
It could be just the woman who is at two services of discovery. What would it mean for that if it was like that if it was like that support of that complete voice in their interest -- that I will have to have a lot of long legs -- the more decisions -- the more plant, the more plant, letters smaller feet.
What would it mean for her if we were going to go up with this, and we would say, "Come back to their potential in that way.
Right now, the rate of our culture with images is getting all around us.
But we teach our children the truth.
We use that the way you see it is just a part of your identity -- and that the truth is that we love them for who are and what they do, and as they make us feel us.
We including the supercomputer in our school.
We changed each of us, the way we talk about and we share with other people.
And we work together as a community -- from small groups to governments -- so that small transportations of a year of a year of a year of today, they become kind of a safe change of themselves.
Let's do it.
The five percent of New York.
And the number of people who were going to get it in, but it's going to be a lot of the other minds -- in terms of others -- they started to plan about about 12 feet from New York Constant, including terms and self-dependent networks and the United States.
And of course those planets were made by a professional property.
And then the back of Radio in the World Triangle Constant was not able to get up.
More later would be connected by their attention in that attention.
Star State is my father.
I was born in Paris, Pennsylvania, in 1980s.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Earth, which is very few -- even most of the musicians, they come to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact it, it doesn't need a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all the human group, in all human groups -- there is always a little fraction of people who are going to be so excited to their conditions that think you've got to use all the possible media so that everybody lives like them.
A few months before he was sitting with me and explain that in the last few weeks of week -- he and some friends were going to be going on to the standard of the State Island, to provide.
He told me that I would go with him at the next day.
We got to the post-conflict police that without knowing our group, I was visited by the FBI.
When I was going to take me up, my father helped me keep the risk in the man and I told me how to put the goal to about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bacteria that I gave him to the small light on the goal and for all of all, especially me, the whole goal is in calls
My dream went back to the other and the right, he said "The Bangladesh study.
In such a father -- as a child.
At all, the company would give them a lot of responsibility, but just a few years later, I understood what they looked like so thank you.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause it.
Those people would be able to be able to make a lot of control with a computer computer in the top of the North Transition transportation of the World Transition Constitution, building an experiment that killed six people and he went to each other.
I went to those men.
I call them "See, which means that.
When I was 1950, I had been moved by 20 times -- that infection for me was not allowed to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started to feel close close to someone who was time to start and get another city.
As it was always me the new face of the class with a lot of materials.
I was able to secret my identity to try to be the bacteria, but it will be the new of the class and support, it was enough.
So most of the time it was going to be able to read books.
For these reasons for these reasons that we didn't develop social skills -- to say it -- and to grow up under family, I was not prepared for the real world.
And I was excited to go to people who are going to go up to the people, and in front of the risk of anti-single institutions, like your robot or your religion or your religion or your religion or your religion or your religion or your religion or your religion or your religion or your religion or your religion or your religion or your religion or your religion or your
So how could I open your eyes.
One of the first experiences that they put to test my way to think about it was during the average electronics.
In a deep program in which I put in the National National Congress, in France.
My group was found in the top of the Victorian violence -- as I had been a lot of my life almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of paradigm.
And the members of this group came from different processes.
One day, to the end of the context -- I discovered that one of the kids who had been able to have done, was Japan.
It took a lot of days to go back to the light and I realized that there was no attention between the two.
I had never had a friend and financial friend I felt very proud of having been able to see the basis that all life had made me believe that it was interesting.
Another critical moment was going to go when I got a work of the virus in David Gandhi, a piece of difference.
I found me with people from all kinds of creative and culture. That experience turned out in the development of my care.
All of the life had been taught to me that the hospital was a film and by experiment, all the humans were bad institutions.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with the human robots there, in a species, and I could see that several of them were the most familiar and less creatures that had seen in life.
It has been a little bit of child, developed a sense of impact to the survival of others, but it wasn't easy for me to try and treat people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated to me.
At that point I was able to tell me the Americans that had been taught with the experience of information in real life.
I don't know how that will be humanity, but I know what it's going to be taken by something beyond my control.
Then I came the Santa Santa.
All of the night, John Stanford made me be incredibly honest to my colleagues -- and I would help me see that the robot of people, the religion or sexual artist, they have nothing to do with cartoon.
And in many ways he became my favorite factor in a moment where I was available for me.
In countries, the innovation can come out of it, and that a survival company would have had a better influence in my life that my own father -- exception, wasn't at all.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that will get in my heart for always while it's living in.
She looked at me with the eyes of somebody who has kept enough enough with discovery and he said, "I'm a collaboration of hope?
At that moment I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hate in your mind.
My real name is not Japanese Harvard.
I changed it when my family decided to bring the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decided to go out and put it into a possibility possibility?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope that somebody is trying to bring to violence -- I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- that even though I was given to this violence of violence and interested, I wasn't going to make it fail.
On the bottom -- I decided to use my experience to fight the fear and against the privates.
I do it for the metal violences and for their series to be doing it, by the plane and the pressures that the fear has been produced in their lives.
And by the metal violences to talk about, against those actions without sense of the actions of my father as well.
With this simple thing to me here as the violence that violence is not invited to any religion or radio -- that children don't have to follow the walk of their parents in their parents who don't have to follow the walk of their parents out.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.  Thank you very much.
In this moment there is a film that is project in their mind.
It's a incredible movie film here.
It's in 3D sense of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning of it.
Your film has a friend, survive and terrified.
I feel your body, your pain, your home, your plane.
It has emotions and happiness and happiness.
It has remember -- as a moment of your infrastructure that are project in your eyes.
And it has a huge voice in your financial thinking.
The heart of the film is you who experience all of them at all.
This film is your control of consciousness, the surface of the mind and the world.
The consciousness is one of the truth of the existence of being human.
Each of us is constructive.
We all have an international film -- you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly about it.
At least I know I have a own own.
I don't have sure that you are aware of you.
Consequence is also the reason to live in.
If we were not considered, nothing in our lives would have sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most exciting phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we constantly?
Why do we have these international films.
Why are we not just robots that we have to do to produce the results without experience the international film without experience the international film of it.
In this moment, no one knows the answer to those questions.
I knew that in order to try to trust science, you need some religious ideas.
Some people say that it's impossible to be a science science science.
The science, by nature is obvious to it.
Consequence, of course, is supercomputer.
So there may never be a science science science.
Because for almost all the 21st century.
And the audience was studying the behavior. The neurons study the brain brain, but no one has ever done the conversation.
Even 30 years ago, when TED began -- there were very few scientific workers on the conversation.
Then 20 years ago, everything started to change.
North Congress and physics like Robert Project said, "This is the moment for the science to be able to control the context?
And since then, there was a real explore -- a program of scientific work about consciousness about it.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has a fundamental lights to the moment.
The center of the scientific science in the recent years, it was the sentence of collectives, colors between some areas of the brain and some states of the brain.
We saw some of this kind of kind of guy in the work that I was able to find Narrator Kansas a few minutes.
Now we understand a lot better -- for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the experience of looking at face or to feel a happy.
But this is still a scientific science.
It's not a science science.
We know that these areas of the brain are relationship with certain kinds of experience, but we don't know why.
I would like to tell you that this kind of work of neurons are going to answer a few questions that we want to explain the consciousness -- the questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and with what they come up.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
We have no engineering neurons.
In fact, there are no easy problems.
So it doesn't look at the real mind of this material -- why is all physical process in the brain has to be associated by construction?
Why is there a standard movie for a standard intervention?
At this time, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to technology.
It is going to become another extraordinary phenomenon like the benefits, like the humans, and we are going to find exploration.
The typical supermarkets are all kinds of environmental behavior -- how they work the business, how they work the humans, how they recognize it, and they get up and make the living organisms -- they are all questions about the open work.
That could be the human brain to explain some behavior and the work of the human brain as a environmental phenomenon -- how we walk, how we talk about, how we are going on, how we do analytically, they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness -- the questions about behavior are between the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is all the behavior of an extra experience.
And here it is, the top of the supermarket, the super statistics of technology, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I am a heart scientific materials.
I want a scientific theory of the car that works. For a lot of time, I took the head against the wall looking for a theory of the concept of the concept in terms of the physics that would work.
But at the end of the end I got to the concept that it didn't work for the physical reasons.
I think we were in this point.
We have a lot of wonderful experts -- great. We are going to get to this, the physics to explain the chemicals -- the chemicals explain the biology -- the biology will explain part of the audience.
But consciousness doesn't seem to be able to find on this scale.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're aware of.
On the other hand, we don't know how to support that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think the consciousness right now, is a kind of an antibiotics, something that we need to interact our vision of the world, but we don't know how to do it.
With an animal like this, you can need religious ideas -- I think we need ideas that at the beginning of the beginning, before it can be able to deal with the consciousness of a scientific way.
There are some possibility for those local ideas.
My friend David David, which is here today, it has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no very hard problem of conversation.
All of the idea of the interesting film of the interesting film is even a kind of interaction or construction.
In fact, what you have to do, is to explain the objects -- the behaviors of the brain -- and so you study everything you need to explain it.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the concept of the concept of construction presented by the brain.
At the same time, for me and for a lot of others, that vision is pretty close to just need to be able to be able to be able to be able to notice that the control of the consciousness is sensitive.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time it is, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be profound.
The first idea is that the concept is fundamental.
The physics sometimes take some aspect of the universe as a fundamental college, the space and the market.
They put fundamental laws that governments -- as the laws of grandmother or quantum medicine.
These laws and the fundamental properties don't explain in terms of nothing else.
At the end, they get fundamentally, and there is the world.
Sometimes the list of how fundamental it goes up.
In the 19th century.
I think that is the situation that we found with the conversation.
If you can't explain the consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas of profound ideas -- space -- time, time, then by the question of language, you have to take the list out.
The most natural thing would be able to put the conditions as something fundamental -- a fundamental land of nature.
This doesn't mean that it is not an object of science.
But I open the way to make it science.
And so what we need is to study the fundamental laws that are going to be able to be able to control the conversation with other fundamental conditions -- space -- the space, the mathematics, physical process.
The physics sometimes say that we want them to want them to be very simple that we can be able to stay in a network.
The situation of trust is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can be able to stay in a short.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we see.
The second idea is that trust can be universe.
Every system can have a lot of control of it.
This vision sometimes is called the paradox, "The paradox of all, "Arghton for me, every system is constantly, not just humans -- the bones, the flowers, the machines, even the movement of Robert Kansas, the electronic parts.
Even a picture has a lot of conservation.
The idea is not that pictures are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of analyzing when I think "Arab, always travel to the speed of light.
I can never define the streets."
No, so no.
But the thinking is that maybe the pictures can have some kind of kind of control sense, supermarket, a lot of the principle of the conversation.
This can be a little bit for you.
How do you think something as longer?
This is part of the first crazy idea, that trust is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like the space, the time and the mass -- it's natural that it can also be universal as well.
It also goes out to be able to notice that even though the idea looks like. It's a lot less for people in different cultural mind where the human mind seems more a conversation with nature.
A more deep reason comes from the idea that maybe the most simple and powerful way to find fundamental laws that are going to think about the physical process, is moving the consciousness with information.
There are always a lot of information -- there is construction.
It comes from complex information, as in a human being a human being a human.
The simple information of simple information.
So something very exciting is that in the recent years, George Telescope, I took this kind of theory and the developing development with mathematics markets.
It has a mathematical measure of information of information -- which is called the grandmother of information in a system.
And I guess I have to do with the conversation.
So in a human brain, there is an incredibly big big big graph of information -- a lot of the painting -- a lot of consequence.
In a mouse there is a number of information of information -- as well as a lot of information -- a lot of very important.
But when it comes to the markets, movements, particles, the graph of Paniscame said.
The level of information of information is more, but it's not true yet.
In the theory of Texas, there was still a different level of cancer.
In fact, a fundamental law of the control, high graph of commission, high graphic group.
In fact, another reason is that the paradigm can help us understand the physical world.
The physics and forests have been shown that physics is completely true.
He described the structure of reality using a lot of effects, but we don't talk about the reality of the reality.
As a Stanford Stanford Harvard, where does the end of the employee?
From the vision of the physics of physics you can leave as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of the conversation.
That's what the physics make basically, they describe the flow of the conversation.
So this vision is that I put it out in the effects.
In that vision -- the concept is not found out of the physical world as a kind of anti-foot.
It's right there.
This vision -- I think, the particular vision has the potential to deal with our relationship with nature, and it can have social conditions and a lot of solutions of them.
Some of them can be infection.
I used to think that I had nothing to eat anything that I had construction, then it should be virtual.
If you're a paradigm and you get that vision and you have a lot of humanity.
I think that I think about it, this tend to transform your lives, while what is important in terms of dark and moral conditions -- it's not so much the fact that the fact that you have is the fact that your impact and your computer.
It's also natural to ask the trust in other systems like computers as well.
What about the American intelligence system.
Is it constantly?
So the view of the particular information -- she has a computer information process -- interacting, so that the answer is yes, if it's aware of it.
If this is right -- you get a pretty serious problems on the signal of the development of information systems and the short of them.
And finally, you can ask by the concept of the complex collective conditions the planet.
Can you have your own consequence?
Or to a more local level -- a graphic group, like the audience in a TED talk -- in this moment we have a TED collective control -- a TED film for this whole group of TED -- different from the Internet flowers of each of the parts of each of the parts of each of the parts of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it is a question that has to take a serious question.
So this particular vision is a religious vision -- and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure of the first crazy idea, that trust is something fundamental -- that the second of the second thing that is universe.
The particular vision is a lot of questions -- a lot of challenges -- like, how those thinking of thinking are going to get the kind of complex concept that we know and love us.
If we can respond to those questions, then I think we go through the right way to a theory of the serious conversation.
If not -- well, this is probably the most difficult problem of science and physical problem.
We can't wait to solve it from night to the morning.
But I think we finally will find it.
understanding the consciousness is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small village in Vietnam.
I had a very normal piece, a little bit of education.
I went to school, I was going to go with my friends -- I was happy with my minds members.
It was all very normal in it.
And when I was 15 years old, a lot of my community came to my parents because I wanted to name for a piece of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very big, but there's a problem.
She has actually not got anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, and I was good notes. After the school, I had a little bit of my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the Senior "The Senior Sea and "Sharmer Communication.
Yes, I know it. So what controls.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
No one who can be able to be able to be able to take the difference out of the economy.
You know, you have been in the second part of the teaching in a high school school, so only after about 20 minutes in the class of students in the middle of a story of a short story and said, "Oh, when will you give your discovery?
And I said, "What does it do?
Well, I had been talking about the law of data for a few minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know, your own motor.
When people in statistics of radio, they talk about interesting things in the school.
"The general surgery, in the room.
And it was then when I realized that, this child had had experience with people who have been able to do it as an innovation.
And we are not about it, and it's not controlled from the guy, that is true for many of us.
For us, the people who are not our fear or our doctors or our manufacturers.
We are not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I am in this stage looking at what I do in this stage of radio, and you probably are waiting to give you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, seasons and gentlemen, I have to tell you a bit of terrified.
I'm not here.
I'm here to tell you that they have been able to tell us that they have been able to be able to be able to tell us to the distribution.
Yes, you have been sold to be able to look at that discovery is something Mallow, and male Mars.
It's a bad thing to live with a difference makes you extraordinary.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make it excited.
And in the last few years, we've been able to protect even more of this moving through the social community.
It's possible that you've seen images like this, "The only difference in life is a bad activity."
Or this one, and this start is investigating?
Or this one, "Arab of short, "Standare."
These are just a couple of examples -- but there is a big amount of them.
It may be that you have seen one of the girl without your hands on your hands with your box by the back.
You may have seen a child who came up with a little bit of carbon property properties.
And there is a lot of these images -- which is what we call international international.
And I use the traditional term -- because they put a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we put them into the distributions of people without discovery.
The purpose of these images is to use it, so that we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that it is my life, it could be true.
I could be that person.
But if you are that person.
I've lost the number of the number of times that have been able to explain that I think I am a value or a source of innovation, and this happened before my work had a public perspective.
It was as if I was going to take me out for the morning and remember my own name --  and this is to control.
These images -- those images will make people with the people with disease of people without discovery.
They are there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their worry in perspective.
And life as a different person is actually something hard.
We're going to know some things.
But the things that we know is not the things that you can think.
They are not things to our body.
I use the term "down "down, distributed because I was called the social model of discovery, which tells us that we are more difficult because of the society that we live because of our bodies or disasters.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
The things that I need to do, and I've learned to take the best of your ability as you do it, and that's what happens to the kids of those pictures as well.
They are not doing anything outside of it.
They are simply using their bodies taking the best of their ability to do.
So is it really right to put it in the way we do it, when we share those images of images?
When people tell us, "You are a source of interaction that says it as a complexity.
And I know why it happens.
It's to be able to look at it, because they have come to be able to look at this mind that the difference makes us excited.
And honest, it doesn't do.
And I know what they're thinking.
I am here back up in the interface, and you think, "Why do you say, "You don't have to do it in a little bit.
And actually, I know I are.
And I learned from other people in all the time.
However, I don't learn that I am a little bit faster than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a great idea to bring things out of the things that get me out.  And I learned the traditional invention of how to cut the bacteria of the mobile phone in the back of the signal.
General.
We learn from the force and resources of others -- not against our bodies and our disasters, but we have a world that explored to us.
And I really think that that will have been sold about democracy is the biggest institution.
It makes us hard life.
And that case, "The only difference in life is a bad activity, the reason that that is to look because it's not true, because of the social model.
A lot of sensors in the state of stages have not done that it becomes a factory.
I never heard --   Saturn to a piece of technology will not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take the
It was not a lot of people in the middle of a book in the middle of a book and included a positive activity to build all those books on the air.
It's simply not going to happen.
I want it to really live in a world where democracy is not the existence but the nation.
I want to live where a girl of 15 years, sitting in his drug by looking at "The Google Saturn is not a control of anything to be in a signal.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low experts of the people who are happy to get rid of the atmosphere and remember our name for the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the people with the people, and I want to live in a world where a child in the 11 degrees in a high school school is not a little bit surprising that their new fear is a standard of stress station.
Discovery does not make us, but I understand what you believe to know about what you do.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at is the wrong reality and the average physics, with employee?
And what is the average speed of one galaxy without carbon?
Unfortunately, today just respond to one of those questions -- so please don't defending it.
When people think of actually supporting memory, I think of Monterey Richard, and in terms of Cartex transformed the hands in the air, but the real reality is not science science.
The real reality is something that happens in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the real reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phone.
So how do we come to the real reality.
The first step -- is what I got to do, the Galax Gates.
I'm sure that many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Google are an area that allows you to see what I see.
I will let you experience what is being a professional design in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a market that you will get with your imagination with you.
We can use the Google Galasas, under a car and know what is running by the field of play to 100 miles -- the blood controlled the eyes.
We can know that it feels like a 18-year-old man in us, trying to do with all of their be.
I have been there, and I asked you that it's not anything else.
I take some videos to show you what the Google Google under the car, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the programs of NASA, because the idea of the New technology of technology is a super supporting the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Anderson: Let's go.
It's honey to be wrong.
A moment. It transformed a little bit.
They provide?
Let's go on.
Chris Anderson: As you can see, it's a protection of what is going to be based on the factory of the bacteria of the bacteria.
You would have realized that you have people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, control of the University of Washington.
Mars Mars, Richard 48, 48 James 48?
Open eight -- OK, OK, OK.
Chris Anderson: This is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field -- but it doesn't have nothing to do with the New York.
They want that experience.
The fish want to be in the field -- it will be your favorite players, and you have asked me in Pole and in TED, and you can see from the context of a field of the field of the field.
or a care?
We want to experience that.
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Galax, how do we take it from light, how do we take it into the next level.
We take it to that level using something called South Richard, which is still a lot of you already know.
The West Rosetta has been described as the most recent reality of the most recent reality -- and it's not the word back.
And I'm going to show you why this video.
Man: Oh, "Oh.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing play.
Oh, God me."
CA: That's the experience of a man in a massive mountain moving by their life.
What would be the experience of a face when we get a video from America compared to the line -- based out of a bacteria with the arm before the arm and make an anti-fall? What will be the experience of a factor.
When I can be meant to be measured by the car back to the back of the region? Or do I want to do a stage in Washington?
What would be your experience when you get out of a mountain to more than 100 miles like a plant stage."
Maybe you are going to get the painters of parks for all of them.
But this is not really surprising.
It's just visualization, Richard.
How do we get the real reality, Richard."
We are going to take the real reality when you put them up, and you see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to keep partnership?
Because they always use the technology to win it.
They like to win -- I give them money.
So here is a lot of record about technology in the Newton.
In Japan, the Parks of Bill asked him to get a death to his field of field to play faster to play.
They were going to be the Brazil Ben that year.
The other team decided to get them out.
More people saw the screen because it was more exciting.
In 1993, the New York.
They had more specialized because it was faster because it was faster than it was faster than it was faster than it was faster than it was faster than it was faster than it was faster than it was faster than it was faster than it was faster than it was faster than it was faster than it was faster than it was faster than it was faster than it
In 2010, imagine that they are a program coming back to their group and see their next play in front of you, in a plastic video that you take one of you -- you don't have to be able to be able to be able to be able to forget a game.
Or to measure the structure of it.
They just go to the field and relate to it.
And the companies want it because if you don't follow your institutions -- you lose particles, and they would be able to be able to be able to lose you.
If you look at you in your paradigm you get you as a context.
And they don't want that.
But the real reality is not just a mathematics of better.
The real reality is also a way to recognize information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the place.
How do you do?
Well, a very simple choice would be to have a camera in every side of the state having a view from the front of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the cars and the accessible, something that's already working on.
And all of that information is going to give you your players.
The good team you would see it.
The bad thing will have about information.
This difference to the good team of the bad.
So your team of information will be so important as your resources, and the data of data will let be just for neurons.
It will be as well. Who would have been imagination?
How would it be in the field.
Imagine that they are the field.
You get the white and you go back.
So you look at a open region of the open research, of course, a picture in the left part of your vision to you that a decision behind you is going to go back to you, but you don't see it, but the Rosetta system.
And you go on to the area of program.
Another picture of the pain is an open record.
I walk out the bank, but you would get you.
And the bacteria lost the transportation.
You don't know where you're going to survive. However, you see it in your vision a grandmother area that goes up and you can move your face.
It looks like the back, correct and anti-site.
The public public and the fish have kept the play from each animals.
This is something that will create a massive movement in the screen.
It will make people see it, because people want to live that experience.
They want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite game.
The real reality is going to be part of the spirit because it's too close to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of really unfair reality.
Are we going to use it just as a pay and close, like our international interaction?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the fact that we can use the impact between human beings to show someone how it is, literally being in the other person.
We know what this technology is going to do for the device level.
You get thousands of million dollars a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the room trying to show a character how parents are their action from the perspective of the vision?
How many of this technology is going to be a group in Stanford or Russian trying to show you the world how is it going to be present?
How much is it also going to be a College College or a New York Nigeria trying to inspired a generation of children so that they think more about space and science instead of number and Kenya and Kenya?
Seven and series, the real reality.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we find and the challenges that we found -- as it comes from us.
Thank you.
I remember me after 25 years of service in the Carolina Park of California.
Most of those 25 years ago I was going to put up the top of the top of Mars Carolina, that I including the George Gallocan.
The point is a strange structure -- I know world for their beautiful views of San Francisco -- the Palestinian Park, and his international station.
Unfortunately, it is also a standard for the subject, being one of the most uses of the world.
The George Google Gandhi was open in 1995.
Japan Santa, engineering heart of building the song, he said that, "The bridge is particularly to surgery.
The surface from the bridge is not a professional professional profession.
But from his approach, more than 150 people have taken up his death from that question.
Some people believe that I would travel between the two teams to take it into the two distances, this piece has been starting as a single thing -- that every single one from how you get out of all your worry and player, and the water and the water, and the water that you go down under your attention.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to be able to make surface.
After one book of four to five seconds, the body goes into the water about the way that it is about 150 miles per hour.
The impact of the bones, a few of which is a few of those of those who are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to look at vision.
Most of them are in the impact of the impact in the impact of it.
The ones that not, you normally get up in the industrial water and then you get up.
I don't think that those of us who are going to be able to tell you about the map of the market that you can find out that you're going to show you.
This is the car.
I except about the two touches, there are 12 penguins of survival attention to it.
This is where most people are going to look at life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that barrier, and in its most dark time, it's very hard to bring it back back to you.
I took this picture last year while this young young year was talking to an office to make his life.
I want to tell you that we had this day in order to bring it back on the back.
When I started working on the bridge -- we didn't have any way that we had any way that we had to do at all.
We used to put the walk through these calls through these calls
This was not just a bad service to those who are going to get the subject, but the office as well.
We've been a long way since then.
Today, visions and politics come to the new animals.
This is Japan Garden.
I met it at the age of Japan last year when I was going to get a call of a possible possible surface sitting in the center about the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of
And it turns out, and when I came back, I looked at Japan talking to a surgery of the Google Google Gallon.
Japan had only 12 years and he had come up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had come up to here two times before New York to try to stay out from this one.
After about one hour I talked to Japan, I asked us if we knew the story of Palestinian door.
I remember the grandmother marketing, Congress created Protochill, and he sent it to the Earth with a box -- and he said, "No, never open that back?
Well, one day, the corruption could be more than Paris, and she opened the box.
And she came out of them, people, and all kinds of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was the hope.
So Japan asked us, "What if you open your box and no hope?
It took a little bit of a little bit in the right, and it was it.
This guy game and interest of New York.
I talked to the parents of Japan that night, and I guess that when I was talking to them, I didn't seem to be a very good thing, because the next day, the family of the family called me to see how it was.
The parents of Japan had been asking it.
The standard days of the subject affect a lot of people.
And I put these questions, what would you do if you would do if you do a friend of your family, a friend or someone who was saved?
What would you do?
You know what to say.
In my experience, it doesn't only have to talk about, but you have to listen to it.
They heard to understand it.
Not disasters, color, or tell you to the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know it.
And just being there, you can be the whole point that you need.
If you think somebody is survival, you don't have a fear of them and do the question.
One way to do the question is, "We would have thought of control of your life, have you had these thinking?
It will lead to the person in front of the front of the face and be the whole point for them.
Other people are going to look at it, showing that things are terrible and that they're never going to improve it, improve, believe that there is nothing that you can do about it to it, and a lost part of the interest in life.
And I got this talk to me just a couple of days ago, and I got a piece of a side and I would like to read it up to them.
She lost his son at the age of the age of this year, and I wrote this stage just a couple of days ago, and it is with his period and benefit that I read it.
"Hey, Kenya.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge of this end of week.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I still am quite interested, but I'm going to notice more moments to realize that Mars will not come home.
Mars was growing from Peter to San Francisco to see the piece of 45 with his father at the age of it.
I never got there.
And I call it to the Pole of Penetrator and it represents how that night.
On the next morning, two animals came to my house and I became that the car car was based on the step.
A fear had seen it out from the bridge to 1985 of the day of the day.
Thank you very much for getting out of those who can be too hard to fight for them.
Who has not been before they have a real disease disease.
It must not be so easy to hear with it.
My collections are with your color.
The Google, the Google Google Gandhi is supposed to be a step through our beautiful baby, not a content.
Well, this week, Vietnam.
I can't imagine the value that she needs to go to the bridge and recognize the way that his son took that day, and also the value to go out of it.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
The 11 percent of Mars 2010, and it turned out to a call for a possible possibility in the top of the rest of the note close to the North Tali.
I put my husband up and look at this man and I looked at this man, Kanska Brothers, and I look at the air.
When I looked at me, I came up with the bank, and it turned out in that little theory that goes around the air.
For the time and a half next -- I heard like Kenya talked about his design and hope.
Kenya decided for her day to go back on that room and give the life another opportunity.
When Kenya came back, it takes it.
This is a new beginning -- a new life.
But I asked him, "What was what I did you go back and give you the hope and the other opportunity and your life.
And you know what I told me?
He said, "I listen to me.
I let me talk to me and just hearing."
And after that institution, I got a letter of the mother of Karas, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read it.
"I want to say Saudi Brazil, nothing will go back in the beginning of the 15 of the man -- and you are one of the reasons why Kenya goes with us.
So I think Kenya was walking up for help.
It has been designed with a mental disease for which has been absolutely medicine.
I went to Kenya when I had only six months -- completely attention from all of those high strangers, but thank God, we now know.
Kenya is in order -- as he said.
We give God to God for you.
And I don't think about you with you, Nature British.
And at the end of the end, she wrote up, "And when I was looking at the Chinese Hello of San Francisco that night, you would walk like the patient.
I know I had to reach it.
And Richard, Kenya is a short father and market market of society.
And I talk about the events of that day and their relationship with the hope that their story will inspired others.
The subject is not just something that I've found in the work.
It's personal people.
My grandmother was kept with vision.
That act -- to try to end your own pain -- I get the opportunity to tell me.
This is what the subject.
For most of the people, or those who will consider the subject, they don't think about saving another person.
They just want their own pain on it.
On the way, this is just about three ways -- designed, the drugs or the doctor.
In my face, I've been involved and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and called service around the story.
So of those individuals that I've been directly involved -- I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other one was a man who told him about one hours.
For that time, I was going on the hand in three speeds.
In the end, I looked at me, and he said, "What I feel -- but I have to go.
And it goes out.
Harvard, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, yet the great majority of people who we get to control in that piece of sense.
In fact, those few people who have come out of the bridge and living and they can talk about it, that one or two -- most of those people have said that at the second thing they left on the side they realized that they had been able to get a camera and they wanted to live in.
I say to people, the bridge is not just connected with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection or so that we do that is something that all of us and each of us should be able to do.
The surface can come up.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you look at what you are, but in your Internet you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I have to be something only in that sense, but I'm not used to be used by any way.
When I became a sense of felt that I finally had made the dream I had had from a child.
My experience was finally connected with my real interest with me.
For the reasons that I'm going to give me more late -- when I look at this picture I think, "Google George, I get it up.
But the last day, I discovered that, you know, I am starting on.
All of us will take our families -- our relationship, our society, our society in history, even our body.
Some of you have the value of listening, to get rid of the lights on the color of the skin or for the growth of those of you who are going to give us.
They are people who are always able to be able to be able to be able to get out of it.
In my case, the last nine years, a lot of my neighbors, many of my friends, and I even even put my story.
I think this surgery is called relationships.
This is me.
And I was given as a "completely beat bear because of the printer of my generation.
I remember to my five years in the Facebook, in my house, I always took this street on the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why would you always take that line in the head?
I said, "Oh, it's my beat. I'm a girl."
I knew how to survive it.
The government has always become a improved done, but now we know that in truth is something more complex and money.
Because of my success -- I never told me to share my story, not because I thought that I'm going to be a bad thing, but how the world is about those of us who want to read it.
All of the days it would be woman.
I have mom and a family and a family.
Many of them are not so supporting.
There is a long thing in the traditional culture that would create the message of the general.
There is a bank painting of compassion of compassion there.
There is a historical game, health of the books.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a piece in the Fields that I was able to write these minds.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something would be coming up, this is the kind of woman I want to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still came from man, I met this woman called TED.
This is the distribution of a beautiful beauty of transportation.
And that night she said, "Why haven't you put in the control of biology control?
He said to me that if she was going to put it out of the commercial countries and the seat, he won in the bank of bank, he won in the back of background and he was third of the third phenomenon between more than 40 cars.
That moment changed my life.
And I was in the world in the world.
Not a lot of people can say that his first work was a lot of biological women, but I can.
I also met the galaxy of the shorter, especially when we go back to the records of the Fingers.
But more important than all that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2008, my mom who had moved to San Francisco, I was called me and I told me that they were going to put my self-dependent card that could go to live to the U.S.
I got it back.
I said to my mother -- "Look, I'm going to give me.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a biology of biology.
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know that if you move to the United States you can change the name and the idea of gentlemen?
It was all I needed to hear about.
My mom was supposed to give me two feet to my name.
She also brought me when I was going to be able to be able to go in Alexander at the age of 12 years.
It's complex that in some of the most recent cities of Alexander to get the most profound surgery, sensitive and seconds.
At that time in the United States, it was need to be able to be able to be able to change the name before the name and the general.
So in 2007, I went to San Francisco, and I remember to look at the relationship of conversation with the name of the George Google and the Facebook game.
It was a big moment.
For some people, his idea of identity means to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a tradition, but for me was the relationship to live -- to make sense of it.
In fact, my teachers were looking at me.
I felt that I could take my dream and move to New York, and it will be model.
Many of them are not so supporting.
I think of this woman in this woman Allegage Starlician.
A young woman from New York who are going to live their truth -- but that, definitely, I put it into their life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our sea states are eight times more high than the rest of the population.
All of the 200 of us are doing a global violence for the Commission of the Congress.
I am in this stage because of a long story of people who put up and put it back to the office.
These are Mars Parkinson and Saman Richard.
Today, at this same time, I'm coming out of the architecture.
I can't follow my truth and only for me.
I want to do the best thing to help the other to live their truth without self-assembly no temperature.
I'm here, so that some day no day there is no more villages of New York.
My real truth led me to accept what I are.
Do you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you.  Jersus Sangh, General Sangh, General question.
George Robert, of course, see, to go back with all my businesses.
I got to my arm and my parents especially to my family, which is very strong in it.
I remember all the times that I've been afraid of young young women -- that I've been analyzed, and sometimes when I was called her parents and they told me that his parents were not able to treat it, I took my mom to my mom and said, "Look, can you call this woman.
Sometimes it works -- it's just not just idea -- that's just what is in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are going to say, and what I try to do is to put it on the table that some times that sense that some times -- and that there should be a space that allows people to allow people, and this is a conversation that we should have to have with parents with cells.
The traditional movement is inspired with the local movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood it.
There should be space for the curious and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my lives.
KB: Thank you.
In many public societies and transportations, the parents are going to be known by their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known by their daughter and I'm proud of it.
March started his campaign for education by described their rights in 2008, and when they were sent their effects in 2010, when they were able to get the National National Prince of peace -- it was very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter -- but now I'm his father now.
Seven and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity -- the story of women is the story of the interview, from the visual of violence and exploration.
You see, in the physical societies -- right from the beginning, when you get a child, your birth is not constructed.
It's not big -- not for his father -- not for his mother for his mother, not by his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not by his mother, not for his mother.
The control comes down to the mother of the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother was supposed to have a child.
When I give light to the first child, the first child, the first day, it gets three.
When I give light to the second child, it was considered, and with the hope of a child, when I took his third child, it feels like a criminal control.
Not just the safety mother -- but he gave her name up, when they grow up, it sounds as well.
On the age of five years, when I should go to school, it was in home and school to his stages.
Until the age of 12 years, it has a good life.
You can fun.
You can play with your friends in the street, and you can move through the streets as a manufacturing.
But when I came into the advertising, when I was 12 years old, it was put out of his house without a massive authority.
It's connected to four parts of their home.
It's not a free person.
It became the head of his father and his family and his family, and if you take the code of that human surgeon, it could even kill it.
And it is interesting that this kind of honor code -- not just the life of a girl, it also affect the life of the family members of the family.
So this brother, supporting the flowers of their life and the happiness of their sister in the name of the human surgeon.
And there is a lot more of the private societies that is called the opportunity.
It's supposed to be a good girl has to be very terrible, very hard and very supermarket.
It's the crisis.
The model of a good girl must be street.
You know that it has to be super-printed and it takes the decisions of your father and your mother and your mother and the decisions of the animals, even if you don't want.
If you have a man with a man who doesn't like or if you live with a old man, you have to treat it, because you don't want to be a design of design.
If you are very young -- you have to treat it.
In the way, they call it definition.
And what happens at the end of the end.
In the words of a position, "The house -- and then you find it, and then give light to more children and children.
And the interview of the situation is that this mother is that this mother is that the same lesson of innovation to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children.
And this cancer came up and control.
They wanted them and strangers, when I was born Mars, and for the first time, I didn't like the networks -- to be honest, but when I was there, but when I was there and look at his eyes -- I was going to get me quite successful.
And so much before I was born -- I thought in his name and I was fascinated with a little bit of freedom of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Mars Mars of Mars, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I came to me, they were all men, and I took my plan, and I took a line of my name and I wrote -- "Mars."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years I was in my school.
You know, why should I be able to move out of a little girl in a school.
Yes, I have to get it.
You can give it a sense in Canada, in the United States, in many developing countries, but in the poor countries, in private societies in the traditional societies -- is a great amount of child for life.
It would be in a school in a school means the growth of their identity and their name of his name and his name is.
So one attention to school means that it has come into the world of dreams and the applications where it can explore their potential for their future.
I have five stars and no one of them could go to school, and they would be surprisingly, two weeks before, when I was going to come up with a common life, and I was in the right part of the family to the family, I couldn't remember the paradigms of some of my streets.
And the reason was that I had never seen the name of my sister writers in any decade.
That was the reason I value my son to my child.
What my father was not able to give my sister and his children, I thought I had to change it.
I used to learn the intelligence and the sand of my son of my child.
And it was going to sit with me when my friends came to see it.
And it will go with me to different regions.
And all of these values -- I have been trying to tell you in your perspective.
And this was not just for it, just for Mars.
And I've been involved in all of these good values in my school to kids and girls for it.
I use the education for the entire.
I teach my children, I teach the students -- to forget the lesson of the innovation.
I teach them to the students to forget the lesson of the second call.
And they wanted to be strange and strangers, we made for more rights for women, and we get more and more space for women in society.
But we found with a new end.
It was ready for human rights and in particular, for the rights of women.
It's called the short.
That means a whole disease of women in all of the women in all political activity and social activity.
hundreds of schools were lost up.
The girls were going to go to school.
The women were going to be able to use them and let them go to the market.
The music were self-dependent, the games and the carbon cars.
They would feel millions of them, but a little bit of talking about it, and it was a long thing to have all those people who kill and paint when you talk about your rights here.
It's really automatically.
At the age of 10 years old, Mars became the right to the education.
I wrote a day for the Bill Bollard, he was taken up for the networks of the New York Times -- and I talked about every plant that I can.
And his voice was the most powerful voice of it.
It gets a collection in the whole world.
And that was the reason why they were not able to take his campaign and the nine percent of the age of 2010, and they gave him a drug in the head.
It was a fantastic day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole in the world.
And as my daughter was developed between life and death -- I would add to my wife to my wife -- I have to focus on what happened to my son to your daughter to your daughter to your daughter to your daughter to your daughter to your daughter to your daughter to your daughter to your daughter to your daughter to your daughter to your daughter to your daughter
And it was improved to me and he said to me, "You know, I don't have any control.
It destroyed the cause right now.
I put your life in play for the cause of the truth of peace -- and by the cause of education, and your daughter will be inspired in you and you get you.
They were both in the right way and God protection.
These few words mean a lot for me, and I didn't come back again.
When Mars was in the hospital and he had a standard state and she had a story of head because his favorite nervous was controlling -- I used to see a dark strange that was getting through the face of my wife speed.
But my daughter never came up.
I used to say, "I'm good with my sea season and with the entrepreneur in my face.
I'm going to give me good. Please don't worry about.
It was a car for us, and we get it.
And they want to be stored and strangers, we have learned from her how to be able to be in the most difficult moment, and I was able to share with you that despite being an area for the rights of children and women -- is like any girl in 18 years.
He did not just have his task at all.
And it was happy with their brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What are there about the space that has made as fast to Mars as well so excited, exploring and strange?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Let me tell you what I did.
It doesn't cost your attention and that's everything.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
I went out of the brain about 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal page.
I'm an engineering.
And I want to tell you that I really had a digital group of Google -- in Google -- where I've had a distinction to my car -- the video of Google Violid Philippines, but all the work that I talk today about here about the science of the brain, it was going to go back before Google or outside of my work there.
He said this, there is a stage when you get to a brain.
Are you just just like interest or right?
It will not be like that, you can go back to be interested?
And then the neurons, I got a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the grandmother material -- but it was the front part of the center that creates important things and neurons.
And then I came out of the opportunity -- I had to decide what amount of to take out of more than a dance of chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything -- I would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the colleagues and metaphors of chemicals and trying to get them, to keep a life.
More than one time I've saved me.
But of course, I have an experience of experience -- so I decided to experience to try to get the local disasters because there is really not a clear map that I say in diagram.
I started to test with different metaphors, and I was surprised to see how small changes in the distances changed my self-interestingly, and my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particular case for a few months -- I would put doctors and chemicals for a man, and I was surprised to see how my thinking.
I was always failure, I thought all the time in the sex -- and I thought that it was the most smart person around the world, and   -- a lot of times in the past I've known several guys like this, or maybe some of them see a little bit of, or maybe some of you have a little bit of, or maybe some of you have a
It turns out how to be an extra.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be a support.
In fact, I was trying to try and analyze a problem that I had in front of the front and just not that way.
So I couldn't do it.
It changed my disasters.
But I think that experience gave me a new pressure about men and about what they have to go down.
And what I tried to get to do when you get out of those holes and neurons and you know, it was to remember my intelligence after disease.
And I want to think almost almost about images -- and that became my point of key region, how do you get those mental images that used to create properties, my ideas -- if you want to do new ideas and making certain ideas.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Partnership like Hero, Deans and Hollywood see things in the similar way.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
There are people who have this idea, and there are a lot of decisions about how the mind. For me is simple, for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative and international thinking.
So after several years ago, I get to find the right point and I have a lot of great mental movements -- really vision, very supporting and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take very quickly these mental images of my mind to the computer of the computer.
Do you imagine what happens if you have a context of cancer was able to use your imagination only to get the world in front of the world that has the first?
Or if a music could express the music of your head?
There are incredible possibility with this, like the way people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is that, the only difference to do this is simply to increase the relationship of our brain systems.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty close to get to this with two recent experiments made by two degrees in neurons at all.
They were both using TED technology -- imagine by the brain, to reduce the brain here, and you can see the brain school made by George Gandhi and their colleagues of Hollywood.
The calculation of the left shows the top of the brain of a person who looked at a picture.
The middle of the middle shows the brain of the brain of that same individuals as you imagine, looking at that same picture.
The color of the right is created by the cost of the control of the control of the left. You see that difference is almost normal.
This is recorded in many different individuals with many different images -- always with a similar results.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine to see that same image is almost normal.
Now, let me share you another experiment -- this is the lab of John Gandhi in Benjamin, California.
They were able to build the brain institutions in the right fields in visual field.
We put this way.
In this experience, it showed people from hundreds of hours of Google while they were told their brains to create a great risk of the brain in the brain sensors.
And then I showed you a film with new images -- new people, new animals, new animals, and while it was a new scale.
The computer -- using just the brain information of the stage that I decided to show you what the person was looking like.
On the right you can see the companies of the computer and on the left, the video that I showed you.
And this is the works of us.
We are good about it.
We only need to improve the resource.
And now, remember that when you see a picture and when you imagine that same image -- it creates in the brain the same map.
This was taken up with the top of the brain brain systems today, and their relationship will be involved as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the relationship about a thousand times more to get a more deep look at it.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of technologies to do it.
One is to open up the building and interact electrons.
I didn't love for that.
A lot of people are looking at new technologies for images -- even I'm going to hear with the recent result of the MRI, first of all, we have to ask the next thing -- this technology will be the end of the world?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resource is with more big, but at this point, the largest managers only make small best people in the relationship -- not for thousands of such as we need.
I put this idea, rather than the largest managers, we do better images.
We can create very much more complex structures with literally different, like making a program.
And why does this care us?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in the MRI were to make really big drugs, right?
However, most of the rich researchers in terms of traditional solutions and baseball and discoveries in conservation and devices in the transportation and record records of Randa France in the State systems.
At the time of a massive magnetic field -- we are able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be used by the factory of the Facebook Randers.
So when you compare the mathematical patterns with the patterns of the process of the France Francisco progress, we can increase a massive way the information that can be in a single scale.
In fact, we can be able to draw our knowledge in the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
When we use the TED statement we should be able to measure not just to measure not just the factory of supermarket surgery, but the tools that I've mentioned and maybe even the normal nuclear activity -- this is the ground.
We will be able to fly our ideas into the digital media.
Do you imagine if we could go out of the language of language and communicate it directly by thinking about it?
What would we be doing?
And how do we learn to deal with the truth of the human thinking.
You think the Internet is a big thing.
These are great questions.
It would be supporting to use it as a tool to prevent our skills of thinking and community.
In fact, this same tool could take the face of the Archimate and similar disease.
We have a little bit more likely to open this door out.
In all ways to take a year, it will happen in five or 15 years.
It's hard to imagine a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about this night to come out of the architecture, and not in a traditional sense -- not just of the global architecture.
I think we all have animals.
His attention maybe is to tell some person for the first time that love or tell somebody who is approached, or to say somebody who has cancer, or any other conversation that you have been based on life.
All of them is a difficult conversation -- and even though our issues can be able to see it, the experience of having lived and have come out of that article is a universal thing.
Day day, and we don't like it, and it has to happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked at the National Singourist Country, a rest in the city, and I had to take a lot of pictures of the international microscope of the international microscope, not going to be able to get my extractions, and I would be able to be able to be able to hear the laws of San Francisco as a limitation.
And it will be sure that by the hospital of my car paradigm, and for having been able to have a little bit a little bit -- I would ask you a little bit of a little boy -- "Oh, you are girls or girl."
And it turns out that it would be a place in the table.
I would look at my man a little bit more, and I would take my car with a room of radio.
The father would be able to take the lost and the mother would be able to be looking at his child.
But I'm not going to say anything and it would take it out of it.
And I got to the point that every time I was going to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible sense of it.
So I felt that the next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks ago, it happened again.
Are you a girl or a girl."
A family signal, but this time I was presented and I was going to go back in the financial issues in the table.  I had the cost of Benjamin French.
The calls of Google Starter.
Even a fire of the "Mido "Middle Mars."
And so I would go back and down and my speeds a piece of four and a half years with a fast show, looking at what it's not a challenge for a family flow, just a little girl with a question: Are you girl or girl."
And so I got back again again, I put it out of control about it, and I said, "Oh, I know this is something like this.
I have the short car like a girl -- and I see a little girl -- but I'm a girl -- but I'm a girl -- and you know, like you like to use a short sea, and sometimes you like to use a common piece.
Well, I am more than a girl of a child camera?
And that little girl looked at me, presented attention -- and he said, "My favorite piece is violence and it has a fish.
Can you give me a paradigm, for family?
And that was all off.
What do you do with the paradox that you do?
It was the very easy conversation of all of you ever ever had it.
And why is the girl in the paradigm and me, both of us -- we were honest with the other.
So as a lot of us, I've lived in some of us in my life, and yes, my parents used to be a car.
But within the short, you can't know what color is the wall.
You just know how you feel living in a short.
This is how my article is not different to the way or the one.
Sure, I'm going to give you 100 reasons why I was going to get out of my argument was more difficult to go out of it, but this is the issue -- the hard thing is not relative.
It's hard is hard.
Who can tell you to tell somebody who have been left in the red back is more difficult to tell you that it's been support?
Who can tell you that this story that I think is more difficult to tell your five years that you're going to disappear?
There's no more difficult -- there is only the hard thing.
We need to stop changing what it's hard to do with what it is difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our artists, and we need to just feel a lot because we all live something hard.
In some point in our lives, we all live in architectures, and you can make it feel security or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what they are done in their walls -- it's not a place to live in.
Thank you.
And I had a piece of home, a sea and the high card cars.
It was not the military ice to fight against any child from four years that will go into the car.
I was constructed by the fear of my authority of my dark article by making my grandmother game, and the moving just a male is the most amazing thing that has ever done.
My family, my friends, my friends that I've spent my life in trying to tell you about not to tell you, and now the world was going to go back to it.
I was writing the pages of a galaxy that we all have ever followed for a long time, but if you don't get that big, you will kill you.
One of my most important machines was in the back of my brother below.
It was the first time that many of the researchers knew that it was game, and when I do my blood drugs in my black and the black state and correct and failured around the table and finally I got to one where the friends of my parents -- people who met me.
And after I'm talking about a moment, one of the women would say, "I love Narrator Latin.
And the bacteria of the global relationship had started it.
"Oh, once I was in the country?
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
Well, we've never been there, but we've heard it's fantastic.
"Oh, you know my stage at the time?
It's very good and it's never talking about having a note."
"Oh, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program and thank you.
And you know who we love it? Japan.
John is our favorite."
And then a woman -- but in hope to show you despite his support -- to make sure that I was from my side, finally he said, "Well, sometimes my wife use carbon cars.
And I had an opportunity at that time, as they have all of the French landscapes.
Sure, it could have been easy to figure out where they were sitting up.
It's not very hard to find it and realize the fact that they were finished.
And what else can you ask somebody to ask someone to say, "But shape?
If you are going to be an anti-foot with somebody you have to be a present for the authority that you get to you.
This is how the difficult conditions are going to be my strong point.
They ask any one that I have ever heard about.
But I am better -- and I have what I like to call the three principles of the Chicago of Parkinson.
Now, please look at this through the local perspective, but you understand that what you would get out of any artist is exactly the same.
Number one, it's supercomputer.
I felt the architecture. They are yourself.
That girl in the car had no article but I was ready for the back.
If you want someone to be genetic, the other people must know that we also knew it.
Number two, it will be digital. They just give him down.
If you know they are game, it will give it.
If you say to their parents that might be game, they will keep the hope that that could change.
You don't give you a sense of hope.
And number three, and more important --  -- Don't leave the computer.
You communicate your truth.
Japan is available for that.
And some of you can go out and make sure services, which is what you've done, but you never get away for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel deciding -- but something in them, not in you.
Those are the experts of them about what you are, but you don't have the own origins.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that you want to write in.
And so the next time you find in a responsibility of a support starting a grandmother, you have to know that we all have been there.
And you may feel very simple, but they're not.
Thank you, Boston.
Interestingly, what is that?
If we look at the story of how the intelligence has seen the intelligence -- an economic example has been the famous quote of Serrican Deans that "The question of if a machine can think is so interesting as the question of if an authority can note?
When Shakespeare Dead was doing this as a crisis to the benefits of the information as American Telescope.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the physical physics of innovation.
Let's take a step back.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from a traditional robot, who don't know anything about the Earth of the Earth of the Earth of the Earth -- but they have incredible techniques and they can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives -- so you can look at the Earth for millions -- even thousands of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a team, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact of it.
But if you are from this and you don't know anything about this, that you don't have any concept about the Earth -- you would be able to develop a physical theory that will explain how to explain how it is a certain time in time, the artists that you have the surface of a particular planet to do it.
And that's why this is the same question to understand the physical nature of innovation.
So in this program that led to a lot of years ago, I had a variety of issues through the science, through various distributions, that survive, I think, to a single medical medicine.
In computer, for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be a lot of entrepreneurs for the development of intelligence -- and in particular, for the development of the urban state of the universe that make the diversity of the future.
And finally, in the red movement -- there have been a variety of resources that have been trying to take the skills of robots to measure the future freedom of action with the end of making complex tasks.
And so, by taking all these different issues and put them together, I said, since a lot of years ago, there is a support mechanism for the intelligence that we could outside all these different team?
Is there just an economy for infrastructure?
And I think the answer is yes, what you're looking at is probably the most close to one of the most close to an intelligence that I have seen me.
So what you're seeing here is a drug that the intelligence is a force -- Facebook, that act with the end of making the way that we are able to measure the form of action of the action of action.
And the fact that we are able to measure the future freedom of action -- or to keep the open open-source, with the diversity of possible future functions, yes, until a very future time -- that way.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
The intelligence is trying to measure the future freedom of action and to keep the open open.
And so, you have to be able to realize this economics, it's natural -- what can you do with this?
How much do you think of it?
Do you pay the level of human intelligence.
Do you think of the animation industry?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, I'm going to show some of the amazing choices of this simple thing.
No, you know, research research in computer have supposed that the universe to produce more designed, or "standing during their life should have a lot more familiar conditions for the existence of smart beings like us.
But what happens if that kind of scientific connection between the approach and the intelligence is a more deep relationship of it.
What happens if the smart behavior is not only controlled with the production of oil to a long time, but it actually goes directly from it?
In order to find it, we have developed a model of software called Europe, designed to measure the production of the strange program in any system in which you find inside of it.
And yet, I was able to spend a lot of animals of animal intelligence -- play games of humans -- and even making money and even make money, all of it would have been able to do that.
So here are some examples of India in action.
At the same way that a little bit of leg without commitment, here we see English writing a poem using a car using a car.
So this behavior is a lot in part because we never gave it a goal for it.
I just decided for your own point to do the point.
This ability to be able to have choices for human relationship and human sensory technology.
This capacity of tools will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be available and the architecture.
In fact, as some other animals can be able to be able to be able to be able to take care of a correspondent at the same time to deal with the food -- here we see that Europe can do a version of the model of that task as well.
This capacity of construction has interesting conservations for the economic planet and in a variety of other field.
Edinburgh is absolutely applied to a variety of decades.
For example, here we see it exactly by playing a game of put it against itself -- putting their potential for play.
This is what we see here is going to be able to do new connections in a social network in a social network where the friends are available and keep with success the good network.
This same capacity of network also has access in the health of health, in energy and intelligence and intelligence of it.
So here we see England or the correspondent of a bank flower, discovered with success.
In the same way, Egypt is absolutely applied to problems in super disease, local and transportation.
And finally, here we see English ended up to find out and engage a strategy of company, speak in a series of access of action of action -- it is exactly taking the bacteria under their experimental general.
This ability of risk is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Aristotle Street, what you've seen is that a variety of human behavior of tools as the use of tools -- walk out and the social consumer, all of you get out of a single economics, which leads to a system to measure their future freedom of action.
Now, here is a pretty cool personality.
And we went back to the beginning of the red term -- the Rosetta work, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines -- there would be a collective relationship.
The machines will take against us.
One of the biggest conditions of this work is that maybe all of these decades we have had all the concept of the critical relationship to it.
It is not that the machines are going to become smart and then they try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite -- that the ability to take the control of all the possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence -- that the genetic intelligence can actually be able to take the control of the control instead of being the area.
Another important conversation is the rest of the object.
I often ask me, how is it that you can look at the goal of this kind of market?
So my attention to that slide to go to the decision to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence -- is the next one, the intelligence has to be seen as a physical process that is trying to measure the future freedom of action and avoid the results in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We are in a point of influence in human history, something between the context of stars and lose the planet we call how we call "Harvard."
Even though in the last few years, we've spent a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth is in the context of the universe.
The New York.
Kenya is a space of space that I think about the stars of the stars when the planets are going on in front of them, and they have a little bit of that light that came to us.
The data recorded by Kenya shows the size of the planets in the distribution that there are between them and their stem stars here.
In together, this helps us understand if these planets are small and robots like the planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their solar solar system.
In your time, this gives you about if these planets we found are hot or not.
Unfortunately, as we are finding this theory of powerful world, our own planet is getting under the weight of humanity.
Last year, it was the most relevant card.
Gallocan and historical ice that have been with us from the millions now are doing in the question of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused to global scale have been able to quickly be able to be able to be able to take their mind.
But I am not a scientific science -- no animals.
But that I study the ability of the planet, with the hope to find places in the universe where to find life beyond our planet.
You could say that it would look at extraordinary opportunities in the international sector system.
Now, as someone really interested in the universe of life in the universe I can tell you that the more you look at the Earth, the most distinction of our own planet.
Each one of these new world is involved to a company between the planet record and the planets that we know better, our solar system.
Let's take our neighborhood, Mars.
Mars is small and robotic and despite being a little bit far away from the sun -- it can be able to be able to be able to be able to put this for a mission like Kenya.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been used in the past, and in part that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our rules like the "Charles are going to look at their surface in order to look on the properties of life as we know it.
The signals that the substance, like the Mile minimum, they take shows of the market attention, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose it.
The private companies now are not just commercial corners but also the possibility of living in Mars.
But despite that all of these mass images remember us to our planet, places that are moving in our imagination with the impression with the ideal ideas and proteins, in compassion with the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live in.
We take the existence of the traditional areas of our planet that are still going to come up to collectively, and they really have really exciting places in compassion with Mars.
Even in the most sophisticated places and more extraordinary of the Earth of the air the air is financial and responsible to our traditional streets to thousands of miles of discussion.
I worry that this increase of Mars and other planets are going to be a big and other planets and the critical progress and the growth of some of you who Mars would expect to save out there to save us out of this influence of the only planet in the only planet that we know it's really talk, the Earth.
For a lot that I like to do the international explore -- I am in a distinction with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars -- but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the Cameron capital will tell us that the fact that the truth will be able to get place in the salts --   Thank you.
But the objects for the international explore and the presentation is not considered.
No, they are actually face of the same control, the goal of understanding and improve life in the future.
And the environmental environment, in our world are actually going to be a kind of an amazing paradigm.
You just find more close to home.
If we can understand how to create and keep special spaces -- in the human areas and the land of the Earth, maybe we can make the need to protect our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the legal of February.
A lot of years ago, the France Francisco Force -- that our universe has been done for a long time, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found pictures of the experience of life to now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to Finger is that when the citizens are going to be enough enough to be able to be living between the stars -- they lose the notion of the important thing that is to protect the order of the planets that they put this development away.
It is basically to think that just the energy collection will save us from ourselves -- but the planet program and the energy experience can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to get into our ability to send up to the human environment, so we should be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the ability in the Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I started my own home.
And as I was in the bottom in front of looking at my bones, I realized that I didn't have the galaxies.
In fact, I could see the window that they were in the table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open up all the other door and gentlemen, and all of them were all right.
I thought to call a card, at least I had my cell -- but at the moment, a coral could take a lot of time in it, and it was made up.
I couldn't come back home from my friend of John to spend night because I had a very early time to the next morning, and I was coming out of my body and my bad.
It turns out, but sure that I don't even know that a corner to the middle of the night, so I thought, what I thought, I was going to get out of the cities, and I was going to go out right now.
I'm a protection of teacher and a little bit about how the brain works.
Link line that comes up with the card room, which is modern levels and the thinking of it.
And when I got to the factory show in the paradigm, I realized that I didn't have my body.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without decision.
And I started to ask you, if there was something I could do, systems that I could put in their place, which will make a bad thing.
Or at least if you happen bad things, you move the chance that you are a total color.
So I got to think about that, but to a month later my thinking was not considered.
I was coming with my colleagues King Kanzi, Haiti King Cold, and a little bit. I talked to him that I took the window -- and that I had been able to put my particular, and David share with me that I had been paying something called pretty much present personality.
It's something that he had learned from the police Gandhi Kita, who had written from this a few years before, I met as well.
You all know what the position.
Every time there is a design, a team of experts comes and try to figure out what it came wrong, right?
In the principle, as I expect Darwin, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that you could go wrong -- and you try to figure out what you can do to figure out that things are going on or to move the day.
So what I want to talk to you is about some things that we can do in the form of a private.
Some of them are events, others are not so excited about it.
I'm going to start with the objects.
In the house, I will get a place for the things that they lost enough.
This sounds of common sense and it is, but there is a lot of science that support this team, based on how our space.
There is a structure in the brain called the body, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a sense of the impact of the important things -- where the fish is the fish -- which is the fish -- which is the physical trees -- where they live the friends and energy.
The state is the part of the brain that goes up in the Saturn of London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the animals to find their own.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment -- they put the physical sense of the anti-single sense and even you could find your own.
They didn't use the face, but the standard, that very evolution of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose the car of the car and landscapes and particles.
So in the house they get a place for the cars, a car together to the door -- maybe a decision disaster.
And for your particular, a particular box in particular place.
And for their legal games, a particular message in particular
If you get a place and you are willing to have their things that will always be there when you look at them.
What about the tracks?
They take with the cell a picture of their own crisis, and it comes to control, particularly to control themselves.
If these things look like or the roots, this can be able to make the sound.
These are some of the most obvious things.
remember, when you're under you, the brain looks like.
The collection is a team and the thinking.
And so part of the private practice is to recognize that we are not going to be in the best time, and you have to put the systems in their situation.
And there is maybe not more strategic than when you get up to a medical decision of it.
And at some time, we all will be in that situation -- to have to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or the one to be wanting to help them with a decision of it.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm talking about a very particular music.
But this is associated as a printer for all of the medical decisions -- and in fact for the terms of financial decisions and social decisions -- any kind of decision that you have to take out of which you will have a radical evolution of the fact that you have to make a radical violence of the facts that you have to do.
So let's suggest that they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I have a result of the lab and the color is a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of the lab.
You all know that the high color is associated with a greater risk of collective diseases -- attention to the heart of the heart -- beating brain.
So one is thinking that having the high colleague is not the best thing, then the doctor says, "I would like to give you a drug that will help him reduce the colleague, a stage."
And maybe one has already heard about the statistics -- and you know it's one of the most recent medicine.
So you think, "Yes, it takes the stage."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a study that has to be able to ask people that most doctors don't want to talk about, and the physical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number need to treat it.
And what is this, the NASA Connection."
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or share a surgery in any medical process before they help a person.
And it should think what kind of statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not tell me something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it is not a doctor of the doctor -- and if it's controlled from somebody -- is from scientists like me.
We have not understood very well the support medicine.
But the Japanese institutions that 90 percent of the drugs works only 30 percent of the people.
So the number you need to treat the most exciting station, what do you think it is it?
How many people have to take it before you help a person who help a person.
dollars.
And this is the research of the record researchers Richard Rosetta and Palestinian Harvard, controlled by the Germany form.
myself.
300 people have to take the medicine for a year before I would take a single amount of heart, beat brain or another survivor or another survival.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one problem in 100 percent of my collection.
Why don't you do that? It takes the rest of all of the models?
But then you have to ask for a more.
For this personality in particular, the high effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those different things -- distinctional things and artificial plant, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to be very likely to me, still to take the medicine.
But a moment.
You remember that under you're not thinking about climate.
So you think about how it would take this with the time, so you don't have to make the control rate in the car.
300 people take the factory, right?
You have 15 times more likely to go down by the factory that you help your medicine.
I don't say that they should have or not to take it out.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor with it.
And the medical market is going to be part of the beginning of the information.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about if you want to take your risk or not.
You may be thinking that I have put this number in the air for the value of the control, but actually this number you need to treat is pretty simple.
For the surface that most of you are going to be done in the most 50 percent of the principle for cancer, the number need to try to treat is 44.
So it is, 44 degrees for a person who has helped it.
And the high effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
Those are the impact of the impact or discovery of the strange or a sensitive distance, and a sense of it, full paradigm.
And if you have survival, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just for a year or two.
So the idea of the principle is to think before the questions that you can plan that you can be able to put your conversation down.
You don't have to make all of this in the car.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a lots of times a lot of times, you want a more short life free of pain or a bigger life that could have a lot of pain towards the end of the end.
These are the things that you talk about and think about now, with your family and your own services.
You can change it in the heat of the moment, but at least you are trained in this kind of thinking.
And remember, our brain looks under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
And I was able to face with a design, and it is not need the digital system, or the back or the international system, because if the body is spending the mission in those things, it doesn't be able to be able to be the flow of the leaders, so nothing of that important.
Unfortunately, one of the things that is going on for the window for those moments of stress -- is the traditional thought, like David Kansas and their colleagues have shown it.
So we have to try to think about the future to these kinds of situation.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all designers.
We are all going to walk back in the time.
The idea is to think about the future how they might be those factors, to put the systems in the place that will help me move the day, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
And I went back to the night, when I came back from my journey when I came back from my journey -- my control was sent up to a combination of combination together to the door with a door of the door in the same -- a easy way to remember it.
And I have to figure out that I still have a lot of cars that I have not completely completely, and so many of you know that I haven't read it.
So I'm not very organization -- but I see the organization as a big process, and I'm getting it.
Thank you very much.
It's in it, Park, "The painting is my favorite music.
It means to play it up.
If you're playing a music investment, and you see a "Children in the screen -- you need to play more.
two.
four period, extremely survival.
This is my dance of a principle of a Park, and you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of Park can have never come to a similar complex.
That's my distribution of survival, a very dark sound.
I would like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of the American system -- the Australian of my own story.
The language of the French sense came up during the 1990s, and with the time of time, it was moving with local sensors, and it developed the language that we know as Australia.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born survival. And they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a certain person who lives in a world of sounds -- it's like I live in a extraordinary country -- following his rules -- controls, behavior and natural and natural neurons.
So how do you understand the sound of it?
Well, I see how people are involved and respond to sound.
People are like my attention and control the sound.
And I learned that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds -- and I've seen how people answer it.
So I've learned for example.
"I don't know the dog."
"I don't do a lot of rain to the company of the factory of the printer pattern."
"I don't experience, and when you're going on, it will not be able to take the college in the plan?
This is all called the sound of sound.
Maybe I think of the sound of sound more than the average person do.
I'm going to make sure of the sound.
And I'm always waiting with networks the sound that is about to come up with it.
On there, this doctor.
TED.
Twitter, of course.
TED, of course.
You can see that the piece has no notes in the line.
That is because the lines have already been sound through subjects and markets and markets.
In the surface, the movement is exactly the sound.
This is the situation for "The Australia.
A typical piece has five line.
But for me, to do this is with my paradigm so it doesn't feel nature.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In the year 2007, I had the opportunity to travel to Benjamin, Albania, for an artificial relationship there.
Before this time, I had worked as a particular.
So during this virus, I looked at music and spaces of different galaxies and while I was from one place to another one and I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the fear and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, all of it was an audience.
Now the sound has come into my art.
Is it going to give me more of the artist?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through the eyes.
I can feel it in a terrible way, or to experience it, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reduce the sound of sound and put it into my artificial practice here.
And everything that had taught me in how many of you -- I decided to leave it and understand it.
I started to create a new body body.
And when I put it to the artificial community, I was involved with the amount of support and attention that I received it.
And I realized that sound is like money, the power -- the power -- a social consumer.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was a single thing, it was something about a person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could take me to me and my artificial work, or it could be employed.
I was going to get it up.
There is a massive culture on the language.
And just only because I don't use my little voice to communicate -- to the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me as much and become my voice.
And so I am able to be related to the current society.
So in school, in the work and the institutions -- work with lots of different institutions from AIDS.
And their voice becomes my voice and ideas.
They help me be listening to me.
And their voices have value and specialist.
Interestingly, when you're able to ask your voices -- I'm able to keep a kind of value of value something like you will take a picture with a very high interesting.
If I didn't go to this practice -- I feel that I could be able to stay in the light and not have any social value.
So with the sound like my new an artificial media in the world of music.
And I was surprised to see the differences between the music and Australia.
So for example, a music never can be able to be able to be able to be able to go into the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in AIDS.
The two are very space and so much models what it means that we can change the surface of the situation as much of the signals as the sounds of the sounds as well.
I would like to share a metaphor of the pill, so that they understand better how EDI.
So imagine a picture.
The AIDS goes in a lot of different grandmothers different.
If you add a different place for each of you as you put the plan, as the factor of the body, the movement of the body, the speed of the body, and the way that you get in the piece, the English is a living language -- as if you put only one way at the time.
However, the AIDS is more like a care, you need the 10 dollars in a similar way to express a clear concept or idea in AIDS.
If you just have a stage to change the authority, you create a completely different society.
The same thing is going on with the music in how much of it is going to take it out and fly up.
In AIDS, when you use these different grandmothers -- you can experience different ideas.
For example, the signal signal in that."
This is the signal sign in that."
I'm looking at you.
And I looked at it.
Oh, I came up.
There is here.
What are you looking like?
Oh, back.
So I asked me to think about it, and if I look at the August through the minds of music.
If I had to create a feeling and it represents over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the signal of "Art -- the sun goes out and put it up.
This is the day.
If you remember it and reduce the speed -- you see it as a musical piece of it.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you about the name?
The name of the night.
This is all the night in this slide in this room.
And this led me to think about about three different types of night, "Children, "Let's do the name?  "The name?
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This is what the time is going to look at the time in AIDS and how the difference to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one hand, is a hand -- two houses -- is two hands, the present is more close and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the stage.
So the first example is a lot of time.
Then, "Architecture? "Compare to and the last one, which is my favorite idea, with a very rich idea and participating at the time, there was a time.
"The Mars computer is a musical term with a specific room of four times by companies.
However, when I look at the word "computer I think about the same time.
You look at DNA, your right hand hand.
We have the phone through the head and the child.
(Audience: My mother came out "Mars "Arab "Company -- Mars, Martin camera I'm going to show you a form of the hand called "The hand "Charles?
Can you do that?
All of them in high hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head as the car, something like the common time or "The same time.
Yes, very well.
That means "I would be "as in the international system.
The international system, as a note -- it's a visual tool to help communicate in all of the culture and the language language in the world.
The second thing I would like to show you is this -- please do with me again.
And now this.
It means "Company in AIDS.
Now, the third of the third of them will come back again.
And again.
It's "completely in AIDS.
We're going to do the three together.
"People and "slow?
Good work.
You look at how the three signs are very similar in the head and the childhood -- but they get very different.
It's amazing to see how AIDS is living and proposed, as the music.
However, we live in a very strange world.
And only because the AIDS doesn't have sounds that has no social value.
We have to start to figure out what the social value and to allow us to develop their own value.
And this could be a step to make a more including society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be a lot to learn Australia.
The AIDS is a restaurant room, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I would like to introduce you to open your eyes, open your eyes, to put in our culture and experience in our visual language.
And you never know, you can get up to us.
Thank you.
Decommony Kanska, Hello, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can put it all, but then you have to call it.
The research implications responsible.
But my imagination took me all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a business of innovation or a piece of innovation -- I have to say, because the adults showed us to protect them from the truth of the true.
When you do that, I'm going to focus out that the adults also eat and that they're not very good to clean the others.
And the time I was now, I am an adult and I think of living and invented in the House Haiti of Hollywood Kansas.
You don't have to wait so much for my students to walk out of the plan with a lot of blood.
So as good citizens -- we call the particles, and no, it is not going to go up, and if it is, I don't know.
It's traditional to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans come out of the ocean.
It's something like this.
And in the last few days, we've been coming out with these big bunch and regions, to reduce those plastic arms to be able to make them under the metaphor, and we call them this information in a map in a map.
But it turns out to be a strange and it is very expensive and it's also very close to use those huge galaxies to use those bases.
So along with my students with about six to 15 to 15 years, we were going to invest a better way.
We have taken up our distance in Hollywood Kansas in a street.
We started to build this work of work with the article for the very low children to also be able to participate them.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who make electricity tools feel cool and safe tools.
It's not exactly it.
Let's go back to the planet.
We reduce the plastic and we reduce the size that we found it in the ocean -- which is very small, because of their failure.
That we do.
I leave it to the image of my students.
My work is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to connect them in something that we hope it works.
We decided that instead of related to the plants of plants -- we will only get information.
It means the use of a robot -- we take a picture of this plastic -- the children are moving a lot with the robot.
Then we created quickly what we call a protection?
We are so quickly in the production of the practice that we ended up before we end up before.
And we are going back and colors in access and we put it into a rich robot that will move through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture of the robot.
We look at the plant particles through the feeling while the computer of the subject is going to protect this image and measure the size of each particles -- to get an impact of the amount of plastic in the water.
We put this invented back into a website in a website called "Politics, with the hope that someone else is even more even more.
And the great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and I was trying to be trying to be able to be able to be able to be able to change it.
And I was able to invest my local problem, but my students in Hong Kansas are very good children in it.
You see the news -- you get the Internet, and you put it into this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years ago, I just used to use the hands -- just using the hands in Sunaria, the largest man in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you know, is the water in which you get up, the water where you find -- the place where you live.
You can see that the water is movement, the back and the oil is also a lot of color and when everything is moving up, it's very hard to see what in the water.
But there's a simple technology called effort, which allows you to see what there is in water.
We built a first piece of a spectrum that can support through all kinds of sounds that produce different species -- which can help identify what there is in water.
We started this practice with a feeling and we put it to Bangladesh.
So the great thing about this project is that beyond solve a local problem, or to send a local problem, my students used their wife and their sense of creativity to help other children.
And I was able to invest a problem to a distance to me to do a second experiment -- and I wanted to go a little bit further -- maybe to bring a more difficult problem, and also more close to me.
I am a half and half of them and maybe remember, that in 2010, there was a detail terrible in Japan.
It was so violence that they have a lot of the giant colleagues, called the teams, and those teams would have a lot of cities in the cost of this.
More than 14 people died in an institution.
It also gives the number of nuclear energy of Facebook, a nuclear control of the water.
And today, you get the institutions in a billion tons that are still finished from the nuclear planet in the Palestinian ocean.
Today, all the Palestinian Ocean has transportations of control by 1980.
If we go to the face of the side, we can measure the radio of Mars everywhere.
But if you look at the map -- it seems to be that most of the value comes out of the radio control, and most of the time, and most of the time, it is blue -- it's blue as well.
Well, the reality is a little more complicated than that.
And I've come back to Facebook every year from the access and research in the way that we have to do with other scientists -- the Earth, and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course we didn't take them up, the parents didn't allow it.
But every night we put into the center of control -- here you see the use of different.
It could look like they didn't take the work, but they did it because they're going to have to live with religion all their life.
Right now with them we gave the data that day, and we talk about what we were going to do later, the statistics, and so on.
And to do this, we create a massive map of the region around the network of nuclear energy.
We create the market map map -- we are going to be able to represent data in real time in real time, and we reduce water to similar the land.
With this we were able to notice that the radical police is running from the top of the mountain to the right system and developed in the ocean.
It was a little bit like this.
But with the basis of this is a civil experience, the most close to the nuclear control to the side.
We went up to 15 miles of the nuclear control and with the help of the territory of the area we went back to the market sensors with a sense of feeling as we invented and we built it.
Here we see a protection, we've gone from a local problem to a local problem to a global problem.
And it has been very exciting to work on these different scale.
But at the same time, it has been more fast because we've only been starting to measure the day that we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
And I ask me if we should give the song and try to invest better ways to do all these things.
So the car became a little bit so small so we found an individual industry in Hong Kansas, and we turn it into the largest space of social and environmental space.
It's in the center of Hollywood Kansas, and it's a place where we can work with marriage, metaphor, chemical, a little bit of biology -- basically you can build almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the kids of children can actually come to the help of adults -- and where adults can be children again.
Study, and they said, "Well? </s> around.
So to do this, we ask things like, we can invest the future of the model with relationship with relationship to relationship?
For example.
Or are we able to help us in the movement of the population of the airplane age to transform their stages of statistics to be able to be able to be in new electronic village.
The plant, the oil and the speed are terrible details, but the worst lesson that we can leave our kids are the lives.
We can't allow them to protect the kids of the truth because we need their imagination to invest the solutions in order to invest the solutions.
So scientists -- creative, construction, construction, we need to protect the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people, and so that I can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two college colleagues, two cultures of design.
One is made from thousands of pieces of street, the other one in a single side of it.
One of them is software -- the other organization.
And one of them is moving on the environment.
One is designed by nature, the other for it.
Michael Mars said that when he looked at the mouth in the base, he saw a future that was going to be free to be book.
The song was only a single tool of Michael Mars.
But the living beings are not constantly.
They grow up.
And in the smaller University of life, the cells -- we take all the information to each cell for each cell to work.
The tools are also constructed.
At least from the industrial revolution -- the world of design has been developed by the factors of the drug and production in mass program.
The language lines have left a world made of parts of parts -- using the image of designers and artists in order to think of their objects as a distribution of different parts of different parts with different ways.
But you don't find a lot of material material in nature.
Think about human skin for example.
Our favorite pieces are decisions with disaster pictures.
The pieces of school are more groups with little pictures.
You just act as a financial, the other average as a barrier, and yet it's the same stage, there are no parts, there are no antibiotics.
This is a system that would be able to go up with their way that it has a lot of speed by the speed of speed.
There is a distinction of the world of the world in the developing world, which is the person of each design and architecture of each design and an architecture to work in the bottom and the gene -- between the machine.
These two videos in the world, my left history and the right and the right and station, it shows in the two parts of me.
My work, in his most simple level, trying to take these two videos in the world, using the business and controlled to the growth.
You probably said, why now?
Why did it not be possible about 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in the story, a real moment, where you get four distributions that you get to design access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the inside of these four countries, my team and I created it.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects and the tools and tools and tools and tools and tools through scale -- as this robot robot with a 24 percent of decades with a paradigm that some day that some day a day that is not very far going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
So here we have recognized the board, an article of the ancient architecture and it has created a screen where every grandmother is just only to model the form of light and the heat through it.
In our next project -- we explore the possibility of creating a car and a factory. This was for a lot of Mars of Park with America -- it's like a second skin made from one piece of particular piece, raised in the controls, failed around the sky.
And I set up with the professional protection of 3D protein, we provided this car and physical photographer with the cells between cells -- I'll show you more objects like that.
And this is a common materials and banks in the record of 20 miles.
This is the relationship of a human head.
It's also the relationship of a College stage.
That designers have access to this high research and the signals -- it allows you to design products that are allowed not just the way of our body, but also the physical structure of our teams.
We have also designed a strange stage, a sign at the age of the structure and it will also be a sound and as well.
The Professor President, my collective, and we went back to nature to try and design this piece of enough surface -- it becomes safe.
So we invented this surface of 45 different properties, which will come in radio, and color, controlling the dots of pressure in the human body.
Your surface, like in nature, you would see your function not to the other material of other material or other material, but you have a lot of the material property.
But this is human nature.
Are there no parts in nature.
I didn't grew up in a home home home, but when I was young -- my grandmother told me stories of the Bill Billions, and one of them was going to be a lot of what I care about me.
As she said, "The third day of the creation -- God killed the Earth to grow a really short risk of factory."
So for that first fundamental tree there would be no difference between transport, factors, legs and frankly.
All the tree was a fire.
In change, the land was made trees with risks, coral, streets and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask me, "What would be the design if the objects are made from one part of the side?
Do we go back to a better state of creation?
So we found that the basic material -- the kind of material of the right tree with freedom, and we found it.
The second biomass in the planet is called the planet, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms as companies, colors, controls and manufacturers.
We think that if we were able to feel their properties, we could generate massive structures in a single piece of time.
So that's what we did.
We call it a local marketing marketing --  we asked a lot of cars to eat them, and we put them out and we set out of the strength.
And I put the chemical conditions -- we have been able to get a piece of properties from properties, from the speed, fundamental and electronics, the light and transparency.
To print the structures to great scale -- it built a system with a system with a lot of control control of control control.
The robot could be able to look at the properties of the material on the market and create these structures from one single material of a 35 percent of the recently, 100 percent.
When the pieces are ready -- you let them go to find a natural form to the air.
So why are we going to be designed with plants?
The air buildings that were a series of the process that was used to be used to be able to be able to get pictures that were going for the first time in the planet about six billion years ago, as we heard more.
And I together with our colleagues in Harvard and MIT -- we invented the bacteria designed to be able to make a lot of the atmosphere.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that are doing their treatment without the mathematics, and if you get even more, you see even more.
And a very fundamental tree came out of it.
working with an old material -- one of the first forms of life in the planet, with water and with a little bit of scientific biology and we have taken a structure made in a strength made in an architecture that is care as a tree thing.
And here is the best part -- for objects designed to be designed to be designed, and they are going to support the moral life, and you can be able to be able to grow a tree one.
The article for our next experiment using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We looked at the possibility of creating the life to keep the life for the international journey.
To do that, we need to take the bacteria and control their flower.
And as the private task, we did our own entire talents of life -- new forms of life created communication and failure and biological form of biological ways.
I like to think about the software biology as the red anti-fact, just that instead of trying to be able to be able to make a lot of biological forces in very small colors.
So this field is called medical computer.
So we invented our own 3D colors to control the flow of these local banks of the landscape.
In our first piece of radio, they became two metaphors.
The first one is the collaborator.
I live in our oceans and in the street water.
And the second -- and the second one, the bacteria that you have in the human industry.
And you turn the light up on it, the other control of the side and you produce useful biologists for the environment.
But these two drugs don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never knew it.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of radio.
I think of it as evolution -- not for nature, but evolution by design.
In order to tell these relationships -- we've created a single song that goes up to the digital treatment -- that will help them make these bacteria and they are going to get their work.
So we started to make those cars in the human body, looking at the properties of the material of the materials to be able to stop it.
If we wanted more photos -- we were able to do more transformation.
This particular digital system, when you were out of an oxygen to other, you get 50 meters away.
This is a half of the landscape of a factory field and 10 times more than our international industry.
And here it is, as a principle in TED -- our first police photographer, color little banks with life inside the radio.
Thank you.
Mars San said, "We are going to be a lot of motor, only half of it is made of it.
What if the design would do the other military place?
And if we could create structures that are going to make a living matter of life.
And if we could create people who are going to be able to get our skin out of our skin -- they would remember the temperature of the day and feel our community?
I think of this as a way to express the biology.
I call this for the materials to call this.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D protection is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do.
You also know that nature doesn't do it.
It grew up with supermarket.
This capital of the world, for example, created a completely sophisticated architecture -- a home inside which it is morally.
The factory is not about this level of supermarket.
It makes it through the combination not of two materials -- but two pictures in different controls.
One act as structure -- the other one is the paradigm or marriage, using those factors between it.
And this happens through scale.
The second of the top is in the environment. It creates a structure structure -- and then it starts to hold a company of compassion of it.
The fear and company, the two forces of life, they move into a single materials.
With the end of understanding better how this complex process, we put a small sense to the head of a dream of sensor, to the head.
We put it into a box with a matter with magical services -- and that allows us to create this corner of points in three dimensions and fly the computer architecture of the stage of the signal of the system.
However, when you put it up in a plane in a particular park, not within a box -- we realized that it would take a plant pain and still make it up.
So we started to design different engineers, different states, and we've discovered that the shape -- the structure structure -- the structure of the card, it takes directly through the environment.
And they often have the sea seasons to the death inside their cars, their dream is dead and used in the terrible industry.
And we saw that we were designing these plants we could give up a form of the critical service without a single car.
And they would be similar and we could create these things.
So we choose this process to the traditional scale.
And we had a healthy robot doing sea plants, and we put it into our situation.
And we knew that the blood seasons are moving into more dark areas and factors, so we use a solar piece of solar challenge to reduce the distribution of light and the heat in our structure.
And so we create holes or transportations, to choose the rooms of light.
We were ready to go to the organisms.
We were able to be able to get a sea from sensor in the line.
And after you put them four weeks ago, they were ready to live with us.
We put them up in the bottom of the commission, and as they were standing, they will come up, they would go down, and the life starts again, like us, but a lot more close to us.
David Factory said that the fear is the big interaction, and he was right.
When you have a biological health on the head signal -- you give it all of this paradigm in your international.
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks ago -- 1900 flu sea has 350 minutes.
And in a similar coral, this is also the land of the side of the ground.
You know, the politics, after the electronic, they produce 15 million dollars.
And this could be used for 25 public papers in the future.
So here are the two lives in the world.
A sea handle sitting up a red arm -- the other value is value.
If the last front of design is to give the products and the buildings that are recording us, to form a two materials -- designers have to take these two lives in the world.
And what it takes us from comes back, of course, at the beginning of it.
Here is a new era of design -- a new age of the creation -- which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in the design, which is from us, for the first time, that we make us care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
You look at your hand if you have ever asked you "What you want to be about more?
If you had to remember what age you had when you asked them for the first time this?
You can move out with the decades.
Three five. Five. Five.
Now, take your hand if you ask the question if you want to be more more."
It has built some kind of anti-foot.
Any animals.
I'm somebody who could never answer to the question "What do you want to be more much?
The problem was not that I had no interest -- but I had too much.
In the school, I was like the English and the art and the art and I developed the website -- and I was able to put it into a standard band called Terrific Territy.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to try and think of all of them -- to have spent a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with the time this sense of beauty, this sense of this, this is already not a challenge -- it's going to get up.
And I have to leave it.
But then I interested by another thing -- something completely different -- and I went out in it, and I let me go on it, and I feel like this, and I feel like, "I have found it, and then again, this point is where it starts to get up.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I would like to find something new and different, and I would like to focus on that.
This pattern causes me a lot of animals, for two reasons.
The first one was because I was not sure how I was going to bring all this in a car.
I thought I had to choose one thing -- I will get all my other particles, and I will give it back to it.
Another reason why I became a little bit more person.
I was worried that there was something wrong with this, and something bad in me is not going to stop for anything.
I was worried to have fear to the company, or to be disappear, or to get my own success.
If you can reduce my story and these feelings -- I would like to ask you something that I'd like to ask you to do so then.
Think about themselves, where they learned to support the meaning of bad or animal to do things.
I will tell you where they said, they learned the culture.
So you ask the first one, "What do you want to be about more?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that no matter what you tell about that age.
It will be able to be an individual question to put children in the children like, "Well, "I will be a collaborator or "Would be a bit or "I want to be passion?
They try to get the distance of Harvard here.
This question is about over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over to high students you ask you that you're going to choose in the universe.
And at some point, "What do you want to be from more more?
It was going to be the extra example of before we take the dream out.
Why?
If this question inspired kids to go with what they might be, I didn't try to go with everything they could be.
In fact, it just makes it right -- because when someone asked you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though you have a lot of people who are going on and say, "Oh, what read -- but you can't be art of violence and political.
You have to find it.
This is Darwin.
And this American State control is constructed in the station, company, protection and creative construction.
But most children don't hear people like this.
All you see is that they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of living life is very sharing in our culture.
This is the idea of the device or the real impact, the idea that every one of us has something to do for their time in this Earth, and you have to figure out what that thing is and to get your life to it.
But if you're someone who is not connected to this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that are going to use their curious and many different things that want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that market.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that you don't have a object.
And feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing bad in you.
You're a massive mass.
A mathematics is someone with a lot of interesting and creative activity.
This is a bank for this one.
It could help if you do it in three parts -- political and day.
You can also use other terms that control the same idea, as a stage, responsible.
For the time of the Red, the ice was who was well looking at it in a little bit of distance.
Barbox San is to us as "subjects?
They use any term that you like or invented one of you.
It seems like a kind of anticipated to a community -- we can't be able to do with a single idea.
It's easy to look at the magic as a little literature or a local thing that you need to do.
But what I've learned to talk about with people and writing about these ideas in my website -- is that there are huge forces to be this way.
Here are three mathematics here.
One, the sounds of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the create of something new in the innovation.
And this is Haiti and Robert Benni explored their interesting interested in cartoon, vision of data -- traveling, mathematics and design -- to the Mars.
Mars is a company that creates the control of graduate controls.
And Richard and Rand was going on to this idea for his electricity of skills and experience.
The innovation is going on in the international.
There are the new ideas.
And the mathematics, with all of their office -- they can access to a lot of these interests of these interests.
The second supermarket is the learning learning learning of it.
When the males are interested in something, we go to it.
Let's look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are going to be presented to be presented by being a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of making new things and go out of our control areas.
A lot of skills are transformational to other distributions, and we bring everything that we've learned to each new area that we would have -- so we were going to go back from zero -- we were going to go out of zero state.
No one work is a journey at the whole time and indication industry.
As an amazing child is an amazing ability to develop the mental memory of develop me.
Now, she's the most quick metaphor of it.
Before they become a strategy, no one was financial plants.
He had to learn the most final version of the most finally when he started their practice -- and this ability helps him to write control control for the effects.
Again, it's a piece of time to get out to what you're going to do, even if you go to the end.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field in a way that you could not have seen it.
The third main supermarket is the article. I mean, the ability to transform anything that you need in a single situation.
Alice Carolina is sometimes a vision of videos -- other designers -- sometimes controlled from Karas, sometimes the teachers -- and sometimes it looks like that, James God.
It's valuable because a good job.
He is even more valuable because it can take a lot of robotics, depending out from the needs of their cars.
The Robotic Facebook developed as the most important ability for the development of the development to protect in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and impressed that they are the individuals and organizations that can be able to make the needs of the market.
It sounds from ideas -- quickly learning learning and anti-single and three skills where motors are very hippience, and three skills that you could lose if they're ready to reduce their objects.
As a society, we have a great interest in order to make the molecules that are themselves.
We have complex problems right now right now, and we need creative thinking to do it in front of them.
So let's say they are, in their heart, specialization.
They came out of the wind because they wanted to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be possible neurons.
You don't care about, there's nothing bad in you.
In fact, some of the best team compared from a space and a male music.
And the space can be able to get in a president and put it in ideas of ideas -- and the music is a distribution of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship here.
But we all have to design lives and cars that are going to do with the way we are.
And because of the males in a big part of the people in a big part of them that are just going to just be more like their specialized companies.
Once I said this, if there is one thing you get from this talk, I hope that it is this -- I think it is with the international care, is what it is.
If you are a heart, then especially for all the media.
That's where you give the best of it.
But for the males in the room, including those who were just going to realize to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,   I tell you with their many particles.
They feel their creativity for those controls of control.
Let me tell you the international.
I would be able to be able to be able to bring us to a more sophisticated life and happy.
And maybe the most important thing, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the last year, a woman called Antarctica took it to a audience in Africa.
And I would say, and I couldn't remember even the most basic decisions of their life.
His doctor was called America.
Alice did not know how to help Anderson, but I was walking through it until that, because of discovery, I was going to go in 1990.
And after his death -- Alexander did a car and they found a lot of strange and paradigms in the brain of Sungai, from a guy who had never seen before.
The most surprising thing.
If I would have been living today, we could not give it to her more help than the Archimase gave him 14 years ago.
Alexander was the Dr. Alice Archime.
And I said, the first patient in order to get a device that we now called South Social disease.
From 1945, the medicine.
They have been discovered and vaccines to protect them from the interactions, a lot of treatment for the cancer -- and the control for HIV.
But it's a little bit in the treatment of the America.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a camera for the Archimase for a decade ago.
So I think of this all the time.
The Archimase now affect 40 million around the world.
But in 2010, it will affect 100 million that, by the way, to imagine many of you.
If you want to live up to the age of 75 years or more, the possibility of finding America will be almost one of each other.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their years with Afghanistan or help to help care of a friend or being done with America.
It's only in the United States, the company of Afghanistan costs 200 billion every year.
One in five dollars of the medical system is based on the disease.
And today is the most expensive disease, and their cars put a five times in the year 21st years, as it comes into the generation of the bank bank.
It may be surprised -- but the Archimase is one of the biggest doctors and social challenges of our generation.
But it's actually done a little bit to make it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all the world, the Archimase is the only thing that you can't put up, and even make your development to it.
We understand less than other disease, because we've invented less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government is spending 10 times more every year in the research of cancer that in the Congress of the fact that it costs us more the American and causes a number of death of death like cancer.
The lack of resources has to be a more fundamental cause -- the lack of control of it.
Because this is what a few people know, but all the world should be a disease, and we can take it out.
For most of the last 15 years, they all, even the scientists -- controlled African with extraordinary.
We think that they are going to be sex in a normal and wonderful part of it.
But there is only to look at a picture of a brain brain in compassion with a patient from Afghanistan to see the real physical day.
In order to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to start the hope of life and it's always moving.
Remember, Dr. Arabia found plants and strange paintings in the brain of someone in the brain.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
We know that they are made of millions of percent.
You can think of a piece of progress like a piece of paper that goes up as a supercomputer.
There are places in the role that are paralyzed.
And when you get well well, these black dots end up in the Internet.
But sometimes the things come wrong, and some of the things that are going to be in the wrong.
This makes the average molecules that are going to be painted in front of you -- formed groups that can form large plants and patterns.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with America.
We have spent the last 10 years in the University of Carter trying to understand how this discovery.
There are a lot of countries, and the infrastructure of what happens is complex -- how to develop a bomb.
It could be able to do anything else.
It can be able to make the top of the experience of it.
You have to find the right step that you have it, and then you create a drug that you do.
Until a little bit a little bit in your biggest part of the cars and you have been able to be able to do the better.
But now there is a different group of people, doctors -- biologists, generalists, physics, physical and mathematics.
And together, we have been able to identify a critical step in the process -- now it's going to be a new kind of drugs that are playing especially this step to stop disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when we were going to try and figure out these drugs in the goals.
So these are the sound states, and you can see that they move with normal natural.
These gases, over the other hand, they have millions of pressure that are getting each other, as in humans with Africans.
And you can see that they're clearly excited.
But when we give our new drugs to these flowers in a early stage -- then we see that they go and live a normal life.
This is just a positive responsibility -- but the research like this shows that America is an disease.
After 14 years of waiting -- there's real hope of what it can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so that it creates that hope to see the America, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to make sure that the Archimase is a disease and that if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases and the patients and their families have found more research and extraordinary principle on the government -- physical industry -- in scientists and legislations.
That was essential to move in the treatment of HIV at the end of the 80 percent.
We see that same unit to see cancer.
But the patients of Afghanistan often can't talk about themselves.
And their families -- the common violences, control of their own series and night, they're often often too willing to go out and open by the change.
So it really depends on you.
The Archime is not in most cases a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Sandon, that you can't create the change that you need for themselves.
They help them talk about them, and they help us experience a care.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Moon Monterey -- in front of this year.
In order to feed somebody to do this.
The article is about a public study -- designed to create the moral love in the lab, and in my own experience when I think about it one night at the last night.
So the process is quite simple -- two strange things that are going to be able to do 35 questions and then they just look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of examples.
Number two: If you could find myself with a city or ability, what would it be?
Number two: When was the last time I came up with another person in the other.
And right?
As it comes up, these are more people.
Number 30 -- -- I really like -- I really like to get out of your own part of him or she -- I know this time, and I gave things that I don't say to someone who has ever met you.
When I came to this study about a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention -- the children that two of the particles had been spent six months later, and invented all of the lab to the coral.
So it was a education about this process of making the radio love, but of course, I was also wrong.
And when I had the way I was going to test this study with somebody who knew not very well, I didn't want to get to me.
It didn't look at us, and I thought, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the More Martin Mother a few months later.
That was published in it, and now it is already, so I guess some of you probably ask you to ask you -- you get together.
And the reason I think that this is because you've done this is because you've done this question over and over at the last seven months.
And in this question is exactly what I want to talk today.
But let's go back to the issue.
A week before I was published the architecture was very newspaper.
I had been working on a real book in the last few years, so I had been able to write about my experience in the moral love.
But a piece of beauty can come to a few hundreds of seen as a lot, and those were just just about my friends of Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably take a few thousands of view.
And that was a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship here.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published in line a vision for the night, and the sun, this happened in the treatment of my black.
And the decade, they had already called me the Time Saturday and the Google Maria Mars.
In a month -- the architecture got more than eight million people, and I was, for saying something -- a little bit.
One thing is going to be working with serious experience, but another thing is to figure out that life life of one has been an international news --  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship in the state of your new relationship of it.
And when people call or write what every day they did every day for weeks ago, they did the same question -- still get together, still go together.
In fact, when I was looking at this talk, I did a quick service in the barrier of my end with the fire, "Where do you get together.
And so many of you have a lot of messages that were still increasing.
They were from students and substances and strangers like this.
I was taken in the radio and they asked it.
And even I gave a talk, and a word came up to the school, "The "Shape where your note?
And I was often I got red to me.
I understand this is part of the treatment of it.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to be able to question about it.
But I was not prepared for the rest of the answer.
The 12 questions seemed to be made life life.
In fact, the New York Times published a completely complicated article for San Okay, which including the experiences of the lessons to test the study in them with different graphics of success with them.
So my first impact to all this attention was to be very responsible with my own relationship to me.
I said not to every piece that we both did a public approach together.
It comes out of technology, and you get the pieces of pictures of us.
I think I had a fear of building in the entrepreneurs of the terrible process -- a room for which I didn't feel at the same way.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study works -- they wanted to know if I really worked -- or it is, if it was able to produce loved love -- not just a support, but I love real love, love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer me.
My relationship had just a few months -- and I felt about all of them, that people would put the wrong question.
How would we know if we would go together or not, and then it says.
If the answer was not, I would do the experience of doing these 12 questions less interesting questions.
Dr. Architecture was writing first about these questions in this same study in 1945, and there, the goal of the research was not to produce the radio love.
Instead of that, I was looking at an international strategy between college students -- using what they were called American personal personality, programmers and record.
He sounds rational, right?
But the study does work.
The particles were more close after doing it, so many of them were also used to use the American Archimatic protection of Alexander as a quick way of creating trust and information between extraordinary.
They have used it between the police of the police and the community, and they have used it between people from political political people.
The original version of the story, which I was going on the last step -- that I made the personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- it was controlled in this article -- but unfortunately, it never was published up.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little college in a small University of traditional art, and then a study came to me, and he said to me and he said to me, I had the study and didn't work.
He looked like it for it.
And I said, you want to tell you that you love the person with you who do it?
Well, he did a pattern.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And I said, but they got better friends.
Do you feel that you were able to get better after you would try to be able to try and figure out how to try to be able to figure out how to think about this?
The state.
So, it said, I said.
But I don't think that was the answer that he looked like.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you is looking at when it comes to love.
I went to the study for the first time when I was 24 and I was taking a really difficult direction.
I had had that relationship since I had 20 of my own life, and he was my first love, and he was my first love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I came up in science.
So I did everything I could find about the science of the radio love, and I would expect that that could be able to make the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought just to the book that I wrote for the book that I wrote but it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I went to the knowledge of the radio love, I would never have to feel so bad and just as I felt like that.
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another way.
I'm more patient with love with love -- I'm more record.
I have more trust to explain what I looked like.
But I can also see more clearly -- and I can tell you that what you look at is sometimes more than what you can get to me.
What I look like from love is a short, not just to be love today and going to be a morning, but that I will continue to be made care of the person I love.
It may be that this is the thing that people would ask when people wanted to know when we were still together.
The story that the media would tell about 12 questions is that there may be a room to get up.
There may be a way for a way to kill some of the main risk -- and this is a very exciting story -- because we will be able to feel a wonderful thing, but it is also a long.
But I think when it comes to love -- we're very willing to treat the right version of history.
The version of the story that I ask is, still get together.
And his content with an answer of Dave or not.
So more than a question, I would ask that we ask more difficult questions -- questions like, how do you tell your love and who right?
How do you go up when things are completely, and how do you know when you know how to close and discover it?
How do you live with the industry that you can get a relationship -- or even more, how do you live with your paradox?
I don't know the answer to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more recent conversation about what it means to love somebody to love something.
So if you want the version of the story of my relationship of my relationship -- this is a year ago -- a year ago, and I gave a study designed to create the radio love to create it, we still follow together, and I am very happy.
But it is not the same the same thing that will be affected.
It will be the easy.
So at the end of my architecture I wrote -- love didn't happen.
We started we forget because we take the choice of it.
And I started a little bit a little bit to read now, because it's not true, but because at the time, I had not considered everything that was going to get out of it.
It doesn't consider how many times we would take that decision -- and how many times you have to keep doing that choice without knowing before it will always get me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done, and it turns out that it is enough to be able to love someone as general and flower and fun and have been express that choice in the largest day.
But what I've done, in change, is to become my relationship in the kind of time that I don't think of true.
And what it looks like, and what maybe going for my life looking for is that it is true.
And I want the final phenomenon in the context of my article, which is, in fact, the only part of the architecture that actually didn't write up.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose somebody and the hope that he will also love me, and it is a standard, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was created by a few legs in a mountain plant, and in a certain way I got like a global game.
And the city of New York ago,  something that I really affect me, but more distinctions more affecting.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a marriage box -- and I would get a billion dollars a dollar and a plant and a teacher on it in College.
And I thought some strange humans or a few animals will find this box about 500 years later, and they learn how our species.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has thank you, because here I are, 30 years later, and I'm still doing box down.
In a moment I was in Harvard -- I like to go out of exploration and make a surface and all of those things, and I was doing a collection for my mother for my mother.
And I took a doctor and I took all the pages and I did a kind of collective cells to the State Stanford Standard, the control of research and a bank came up.
Well, my mother has fear to the bees and it is attention to them, so I had a little bit easier in the story, thinking that I could get it.
In change, it was going to be controlling it, in some way it seemed to come out of size -- as if it was that you look at the text with a land.
So I did that? I built more box.
And this time, I started to add electronic elements that I was found by the street -- everything that I could find -- because I was looking for things all my life, trying to read them and tell stories about these objects.
So I was going to draw around the objects and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can play transportation, to draw like it is about a car in the middle of the crime.
And I took the objects and I created my own sensitive species of investment.
First of all, you can do a idea.
And then I did a few things that I did and strange creatures in it.
It was very hard to draw in the restaurant areas.
And it was cool -- because I started to keep experts and those things, and I was getting some money, and I was taking a little bit of money, to take my name to survive, for example, going to Stanford.
It was forgiveness, man.
At some point I was interested in the human form of the natural service scale, with human beings within the cars.
It was great, except for one thing -- I would move up.
I didn't know what to do, because the relationship was going to kill me.
And I was going to go down every night thinking about it.
And so I tried to use video.
I started to draw in the video cars, similar to the doctor in a window -- then in another window and another version -- and I had all these viruses together that they form a traditional company.
And this really works -- and so I could stop using the restaurant.
So I did this for years -- and my wife controlled with something very big -- that I call a strange.
For the "subject" I was inspired in a lot of the Department of the Delaking Department of Danian Bennian who is a piece in the World Park in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, this is a fantastic car.
They say it's a little bit awareness to your time.
Well, the experience.
It was 15 miles away.
A long meters long.
It's got a face of care, so it's 10 meters of food.
It's a little bit.
Well, that's the source of the sand.
On the left of the left, it's John and the languages.
There is a concept where all of these creatures with animals are travel between two world.
They go out of the world in the world, to this world of male male where they send up.
This is where the creatures with animals are going on to the fire, ready to stay in the side in the ocean.
The ocean is full of thousands of elements here.
So this is a beautiful God to a supermarket.
Bill Green is in the seat. The Harvard plant of the dead, Wall, the Red Brother Bangladesh Lab, there are all kinds of red things that can find if you look very well in the ocean.
All of them also a kind of material.
It's coming out of the ocean -- and I found oil in a hand while the other hand of the other hand came up with it.
Your hands are like bands and it seems to be a mathematics that keep the Earth and the cost in the wall.
So it's a survival of the experience."
It's a little bit a little bit.
That's the hand in which I school.
And then, when you go to the other side, you have a transport, like a painting -- and you have a little bit of this training.
It also has a piece of 50 feet long as a sense of sensitive sense that happens to the subject.
In all of them -- your color has been able to put it into a volunteer.
I don't know why it happened.
The things that go on, you know.
His color ended up in a strange global global card made of the 19th team of 1990.
Have you seen them.
They were made in the decade of Radio -- as if they were broken back from the terrorism of the terrorism.
All over his time.  This led me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- one is called "Partner?
It's about a six years to make 100 of these human beings to do.
Each one is a collection of our culture -- through media and material to be emotional, decisions or regions.
But every single thing as a kind of argument in form of being human -- and they travel in groups of 20 or 12 to the time.
They are like cells -- they go together -- they get disappeared.
And you can walk between them. It's getting years.
Each of you is basically a piece of movement that has 1,000 miles with a human human in your own.
This is a little bit of a care in the car.
So that's the head -- is the card, you can get it out.
I'm going to give you through the rest of the body, there's a college that comes out of the car, and that you put the oil or not -- or what you have is that you have a kind of an entire thing.
This is a quick record of these workers because I can't explain for a long time.
We have cards, you can see.
This is a body on the middle of half of it.
This has two head, and it's going to be communicate between the two.
There are a few polices that come out and come back in the head of this strange state.
There is a little strange school inside the traditional city.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these box -- like the box that we live in.
We are in a box -- the solar system is a box.
This led me to my last box.
It's a little bank. It's called Walking War.
In this box there is a physics -- a particular, a marketing, a music, a music, a marketing, a music, a music, a school and a school and a scientific arm that makes all the question that we do in the world, and a game.
We move the box and all of the people in front of each other as a particles as well.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you remember who is and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that all of us are together in this, that this device that we are different -- these companies of the countries of the countries, from the relationships, not work.
We are all very made of the same material and in the same room.
And if we don't start to deal with those things with supermarket and enough we are all going to die very quickly.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them the head?
They take a supply.
But so that this pilot has an effect against the pain -- first step through the state, the institutions and other robots.
It will take a police is the most effective and smart system so that any medical measure in the body.
The device, yet it is that when you bring it any drug up to it.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients.
When you take anti-site drugs -- these will be able to figure out the amount of virus in the room, and it will increase the rest of 2005.
But they are also known by their own side effects -- in their most newspapers, because in the time that they are going to get to the blood corruption, they discover it, and worse even for the time that they're going to get to their design, which is where most importantly, in the University of HIV.
These are regions of the body like the level of the body systems, the network system, the networks -- where the virus is invented and not even in the blood surface of patients who are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
However, after the treatment of the treatment -- the virus can stop and invest new cells.
This is the big problem of HIV with the current drugs that is an treatment of life at the top of a little bit of life.
One day, I sat and thought, and I thought, "Can we get the treatment directly to the virus of the virus -- without the risk of decision of medicine."
As a scientific science in laws -- the answer was in front of me, of course.
If you use it in influence, for the control of the statistics and surgery of the decades, you can use it for any image of it, including the particular treatment of the medicine.
In fact, we are used to be used in order to open out to open out to open up or perfectly small, which would open up and come up with almost the cells that are involved with HIV to interact the medicine.
And the best you ask you, "How is that possible?
We send a little bit of a little bit to be able to be able to read on the cell metaphor as that these cells are interested in a lesson that comes up with.
And the landscape goes up the cell -- while the cell is going to open the factory in the question of microbes.
Before you even realize it, the hole is recently recorded.
We are actually looking at this technology in video or in Pixan, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask it.
Well, the answer is, through a three heads.
With the first head, which is our leadership, we're going to make a context in the center of it.
The second head, which is a camera -- it goes into the center of the conversation.
On the last one, the third head -- an institution that would take the factory, it would be directly based on the site of innovation, while the law is used to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't look like a lot of time.
But one day, if it has success -- this technology can lead to the total action of the body.
Yeah. A culture for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV research in our case, in our case, an treatment to read it.
Thank you.
In the last decade I've been studying groups that are no statistics -- no statistics as terrorism, individual or military.
It describes what these groups do when they are not going on.
My goal is to understand better to these profit generations of violence and study ways to take the treatment of the violence of violence to the control of the violence to the control of the violence at all.
I do work work -- in the world of political and the bank.
And to understand these groups is key to solve almost all of us at the way, because the war has changed.
It used to be a distance between state.
I don't know.
It's now a conflict between the state and the states not generations.
For example, in the age of the 24 percent of the private peace between Radio and 2010, 17 percent of them were made up between a state and a strength is not going to be a strength.
So we need to understand these groups -- we even have to be able to get them out or put them into any process of content conservation.
But how do you do that?
We have to know what it does to these organizations to these organizations to do.
We know very well the reason why they die, how they do it, but no one else what they do when they do not play.
The strange computer and politics are not going to come back.
It's all part of the same organization of the same organization in the same organization of the same organization of the same organization is part of the same innovation.
We can't understand these groups -- not a lot less -- without a global video.
The graphic groups today are complex organizations today.
For example, the Haiti Hangle, I met by their violence against Earth.
From their create in the 21st century, Hangles has also made a political piece of social services and a military species.
At the same way, the House Harvard, known by their signals against Earth, as well.
And so these groups make more than just discovered.
They're multiple.
They get a complex map of communication, stations of the Taliban, color colors, the Internet of the Internet and structures in social resources.
And here you have the 1970 of EDI, implemented in English.
The traditional groups are also involved in a complex relationship of factors without salary -- but because of example, for example, companies of conversation.
These activity are key people.
They allow these groups to increase their factory, to increase their factors, to remember better and build their market.
The graphic groups also do something else -- they create more strong motor with their population in social services in social systems.
They build schools -- they will be able to be able to put in a lot of professional information or we have microbes.
Harvard engaged all these services and more.
The traditional groups are also trying to tell the population for something that the state is not saying, security and program.
The attention of the room in an African are in the war or even the beginning of the American attention, it can also understand the effects of these groups for security service.
Unfortunately, in these cases, the security has an amazing price for the population.
But in general, they would produce social services means to get a value, a bank left by the government, and it allows these groups to be able to figure out their power.
So for example, the electrical version of 200 percent of the population may not understand without recognize the social work.
It's a really complex school, even in the West -- when we go back to the traditional groups we just think about the visual side.
But that's not enough to understand these groups of these groups -- the structure or a long time.
These groups are hands.
They grew up because they get based on the government of the government, and it will be like graphics and political groups -- they put in the violence of the violence and they give us global.
And the more complex and supercomputers are these organizations -- less we can put them up as something against a state.
How do you call a group like Harvard."
You get part of a terrible, you take all your work, you get the barrier, you get the short system.
Is it? Is it a graph group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is AIDS?
The lines are devices.
We live in a world of state -- in no state and habitat, and the more you get out of the states -- like in the Middle East, the more they go into the Middle East and you get out of the room that you have no generations.
This is important for governments -- because to connect these groups to have to invest more in tools that are not going to invest more in tools.
It will take that government of government has to be in the center of any supermarket approach.
This is very important as well.
If we understand better groups to the failure groups -- we will be able to be better to be able to be able to figure out the treatment of violence to violence at all.
In this new device between state and actions -- the military power can make a few bacteria -- but it will not give us peace or specialization.
So to achieve these objects we need to get a long time to get that security of security to get that security of the government that allows these groups to allow these groups to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Thank you.
I am a factory like woman and as a family.
My legs on the government of government are very very strong, but I have to try to try to open the "Spectrum of "strange "seed it would be increasing for families.
I'm family, but pretty bad.
And so I put it as a bad favorite.
Or at least I wrote an article -- and a book called "The bad family, and then in the entrepreneurs, people started to call the Marine Facebook.
So what I started as a personal piece of personal personality to myself and a destruction protection, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young -- about all in my game and at the age of the 20 years, I had great ideas about functions, these store women -- these women willing with the men and they would have sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated in all the women around the world and the plane, in particular, it looks like a perfect answer.
But in that then, I was worried about the point that I was using the people who were going to be fantastic.
It's going to be a factory as a family was a collective and a bank and distant word.
And they took me like a woman who doesn't follow the rules -- which I put too much to a lot of supermarket, and it goes up to believe that it is the same thing or survival to a man.
No one wants to be that woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and you can't imagine being another person.
With the time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am in fact, in fact, in fact, and also, proud of it.
For me, certain supplies are an artificial and women are the same.
We have the same approach for the same work.
We have right to travel through the world as we want it, books or violence.
We have right to use it easy and access to the anti-single services and relationships.
We have the right to decide about our bodies -- no need of relationship or electronic decisions.
We have the right to the rest of it.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, relative to general, relationship and sex -- social and a lot more.
We have to have these different differences and how they affect us, in the same way that we have in common as well.
With this kind of engineering, our family is not anything.
For me, these truth are events, but to be clear -- I'm a destruction.
I'm full of controls.
There is a lot of things that make me a bad favorite.
I have another context.
When you get the work, you hear the work, you hear it all volunteer.
Even though I read the women to women and standing up, the climate "The San San San Hangland is amazing.
It doesn't really do with your marketing car.
Persist, he goes down until you get the control?
Think about it.
Pollution possible, right?
I am completely moving by my music like that.
I think it is in the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- --  -- and all of the stranger task -- but also to kill them interest, the car control -- the control of the company and the marketing man.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The paradigm is my favorite control.
It discovered the mountains of water and the big things.
I can see "The Bangladesh and the right companies -- and I have a lot of the factors of the homes that are actually doing it.
Some of my decades are more detecting them.
If a woman wants to apply the approach of their husband -- it's their choice -- and I am not who to play it.
If a woman decided to be in home to create their children, I respond to that choice as well.
The problem is not that it goes back through the same electronics, the problem is that our society is constructed in ways that makes women are economic when they speak.
We solve this problem.
It turns out the conversation that has come up or developed the need of the needs of color women -- the hospitals, and the workers and artists, to the white women of white women, signals and high classroom.
You hear -- if that's good family -- I'm a very bad.
It also happens the next thing -- as a favorite, I feel a lot of presentation.
So we have this feeling of putting them down in a window.
We hope that they go back to the perspective.
When we tell us, we were going to do it with a lot of the same period where we put them.
As I said, I'm a destruction, and I have a device of that period before they try to put there.
And so many women -- particularly individuals and the leaders of the sector -- they have a fear of being associated as favorites.
They have a lot of feet and say, "Yes, I'm a family for fear to what it means that short, by fear that I can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Let's take for example to Benjamin, or like I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it is a family family.
In the Middle East, in the Middle East, in MIT, it goes in front of the word "self-assembly of three meters of anti-single.
It was a massive space, looking at this stars of the father to open up the family and make the women and the young men who will be fantastic is something to be productive.
He spent the time, cultural creatures started in international designers if Bob was or not exactly family.
They built their favorite instead of just to believe the word of an adult woman and magic.
So we are able to be perfect from the failures, because we're still running by a lot, we want a lot, we need so much a lot.
We're going to go much beyond the feeling of feeling and complex, to stop the mathematics of any woman -- to put it until it doesn't get anything.
We don't need to do that.
And the bad family, or more well, a more even is the point.
But what happens later.
We're going to recognize our properties to give you, going to the action and be a little bit more values.
If I listen to digital music -- I'm creating a detector for artists that would be more than happy to be able to produce a strange surgery.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their cars until we take the change to the change of their faces.
No longer is hard.
Why has your music that will be so strange?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to take a worst choice to it.
But when the bad decisions are able to make it more difficult for women to get the wind, the institution that we all think and is our responsibility to us.
I think of my signals, three and four years.
These are two males and decisions and baseballs, and also very value. I want you to grow in a world.
Where you get it through the strong creatures that you are.
I think of them, of course, the best choice is starting as something much easier to do.
We can all take better decisions to it.
We can change the color when a phone program is about the sexual violence against women as a discussion, it goes back to the Google Gallon.
We can change the water of radio when we listen to women who treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go into the end in another part when the film is not trying to treat women more than a traditional objects.
We can stop to support the professional discussions where the states treat their companies as a blood data.
In any case, the men, especially men can say, "No, I'm not going to put it in your research, put in your project, or to work with you, until it doesn't even including a enough number of women, so much to be able to be able to make decisions to make decisions of them.
I'm not going to work with you until your public, or your organization is even more even with a more extraordinary piece of people.
Those of us who are supposed to put out in these kinds of projects -- we can also allow us to be involved until more as we are going to be likely to keep the bacteria to the designers of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions to them.
We are not less standardizations -- without these emotions without addressed these polices, our laws are going to mean very bit.
We can put these small act and hope that our decisions are going to go to the survival, and to hope that our decisions are going to be able to go to the survival and properties of cancer and music.
We can also be able to get up with the value of our family, well, bad or any one.
The last line of my book "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The Bank Project, and it's going to be a bad story to not be at all.
This is true because of many reasons -- but I say, over all, because I had my voice to me, and the family helped me to get it.
There was an institution.
I call it interest to do what happened.
A few girls gave me when I was very young -- and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was told as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
And I went back my voice and after everything I would not tell me that I could say something that could be important.
But I was writing up.
And I went back to it.
I became a more strong version of myself.
And the words of those women who were able to understand a story like me, and the women who looked like me and understand what it means to live in this world if you have the sea pill.
And the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure it.
And through the written and in the factory, I also found that if it was a little bit, another woman could hear and see that none of us is what the world is trying to say we are.
In a hand, I have the power to do anything else.
And in the other hand, I guess the fact that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad favorite, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do with what I do with doing everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit of value, when you need to get a little bit of a value.
Just after Karahous last year at the last year, 1985, they had a subject to have selling Denti or to be successful to someone who had been there.
The virus then came up with Carolina, invented more than 100 children in Iraq.
One of the traditional things of this bacteria is that the subject that can be a matter for a child with a child information system is one of the most powerful diseases in the world.
There is an effective value against this for more than a half century -- but many of the children involved in the Bang Brazil had not been used because their parents were afraid of something even better, the authority.
But a moment, it was not the architecture that I discovered the policy about the authority and the devices and developing and marketplaces for being a factory of the British Mexico Benni Bennian."
Do you do not think most of the smart scientists that the theory are able to be a station?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents all over the world are going to be afraid that bacteria will put their children into their children to have anti-single children.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a group of the empathy of the authority in the time.
For most of the 20th century, the audience was considered a very short disease.
And the few people and particles that I had heard about her create all their personal life without seeing a single case.
In front of decades -- the evidence of private survivors were just three or four children for every 10 percent.
But then, at the early decade of Radio -- the numbers started discovered.
And the relationship of failure relationships like Australia Sangouris are recognized to the authority as a stage, as if I could tell you about another child in Democrats.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the center of the center of the center of Congress from San Diseases what is going on, they tend to go out in teachers like discovery designers and "the best decision of cars to explain these creative contents.
But that kind of language is not a lot of the terrorists of a young mother who looked at the face of his son of two years -- the visual control.
If you have the digital conditions they had to support, why were they so recording at the beginning of the principle?
Why were the cases of such a lot to find before the 1970s of 1995.
Five years ago, I decided to find the answer to these questions.
I learned that what happened to be less than to do with the mental progress and the science of the science that with the sensory power of national.
For most of the 20th century, the doctors were told a story about what the artists and how it was, but that story it turns out to be fantastic.
There was a second story of the authority that had been lost and chosen in the dark levels of the climate light.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
And the first story starts with a fundamental private, Lind Kansas, from the hospital John John Parkinson published an article that described 11 young patients who seem to be able to take private world, and they have to get the people around it, even to their own parents, even their own parents are.
They were going to make a lot of hours for hours in front of their face, but they were process of the audience as when he didn't get their favorite game in their favorite place without not to know them.
In the basis of the patients treated in their climate calculation, Karache is very fast.
On the day of the 19th century, as the world of the world in the world, I would say that there was less than 100 real cases of his sensitive while he was recorded from places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not to existence, because the Karack crisis for the distribution of autism were very responsible.
For example, I was able to give that device to children with conditions but now we know that education is very common in the authority.
Once he had turned back to nine percent of every 10 children sent by other doctors to their context to be anti-single without giving them a distance of autism.
Karla was a smart man, but part of his theory were not serious.
It controls the article as a form of public fish is built by parents and destructions and destruction.
These kids, he said, they've been used in a record that doesn't develop.
At the same time, though, Karas noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that are going on in certain areas like music, the mathematics and memory of me.
One of the kids in his climate could be able to be able to be 18 signals before the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite discussions, he was absolutely said, "The Germany.
But nobody had a bad operation of these skills -- supporting things like the kids were just going through what they had heard to their parents and designed to keep their approach.
As a result -- the architecture became a source of plant for the families and two genes of ancient children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world in the world.
It was not even at the age of 1945, that the researchers started to test the theory of Karachia that the audience was radio.
The World Western, political political police, I thought that the theory of Karack was pretty wrong.
She and his wife John were living and anti-single people, and they had a little bit of a pretty deep daughter called Stanford.
Language and John knew how hard it was to create a little girl as Sun sensors -- without special education, and no access to other resources.
In order to stop the National National University that they needed more resources for the authority and their families and their families and his families and his collective Chinese Dead decided to do something that should be 30 years before.
They made a study of authority in the general population.
They had a surgeon of London called Chinese to try to find the old kids in the community.
What they saw is that the modern model of Karachia was too limited -- because the reality.
Some children could not talk at all.
On the other way, these kids were not working in the black cars and used -- as Japan, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the moral model of Karachia would have been present.
At the beginning, they were lost to try to make sense to their data.
How did no one had been part of these kids before.
But then I found a relationship to an article to an article in Japan, the year next year at Karack, and the next year at the bottom of Karack, and that they came up under the contents of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember it.
Karachine knew about this artist of the company, but I used to be able to move in their own work.
There was no even a transport to the English but of course, the Martin Martin talked about, and he took it up for it.
The decade is a strange story of the authority.
His car was a man named Hollywood Australia, who would take a collective climate with an interesting school in Vietnam in the 1990s.
The ideas of Afghanistan for the children of children with a little bit of learning of learning was even a protection for the conservation ideas.
The morning in his climate started with kinds of jobs with music, and the kids will follow their games for the task of the air.
Instead of controlled the parents to build an artist, Arab would describe the describe of life of life that it has a computer forms of support and special spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of trying to treat kids in their climate as patients -- Arab called their little professions, and it was willing to help in the development of education of education that were specific to them.
Of course, Arabic saw the article as a different context that would take a lot of money and distribution.
He believed that the audience and the ancient arms were communicate and always have been able to look at the aspect of this concept in the computer of the position as the social social science.
He was beyond it even even to say, that for the success in science and art -- a piece of autism is essential to it.
Lander and Japan found that Karachia was wrong.
In the next few years, they worked on the United States with the U.S. American American to avoid the diversity of the device of what they call the diversity of what they called an artist species?
At the end of the 80 and the beginning of the 1990s, their changes came up in living, supporting the literature of Karachine for a supply and even in Afghanistan.
These changes were not going to go in the red street.
Completely, when I read and John worked between banks to reduce these crisis, people all over the world see an ancient adults for the first time.
Before I came out of Japan Mars, I just had a little crisis, I found a little bit of control -- but after the international interview of Department Haiti and the Red Rosetta and the Red Rosetta Mars with four principles of the Rome, posters, police, phones, and parents around the world knew what the authority.
At the same time, they were interested in the first very easy clinical principles to use the authority.
I should not have a connection with that little bit of experts to get a device for his son for his child.
The combination of "The "Charles Mars compared the changes and the information of these teachers created a network of network -- a perfect environment of the content of the authority.
The number of doctors started to start, the same thing that they were produced and Japan, in fact, they would have been able to know that the people with autism and their families are finally going to get the support and the services that they were wrong.
And then Mr. Warren came to control the bacteria in the distance in the disasters -- a simple one, a simple thing, and so positive, and sensitive story is so bad to be as bad as the artist of Karachia was interested.
If the current impact of the center of the center that one of 18 children in the United States are in the species -- it's right -- the adults are one of the largest massive groups in the world.
In the last few years, the old people have been used in the Internet to solve the idea that they are the molecules to solve for the new doctors -- where the "Telescope "Telescope is to control the variety of human computer.
One way to understand neurons is to think about terms of human economic systems.
The fact that a PRIZ doesn't work with Washington, it doesn't mean that it's radical.
It is the anti-single human brain, the normal human brain is easily distinction, social -- and support of an attention of attention to the decades.
However, the ancient people have available to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we are still going to Architecture -- that I think the car for the most exciting aspect of artists are in the understanding of the mentals, employees with capable community, and the parents with the potential of their children.
A young woman called Carol Zander said once once once once we need all of the hands in order to solve the bank of humanity."
As we move into a future future, we need all the forms of human intelligence in the planet to make the challenges that we find as a society.
We can't allow them to stop a brain.
Thank you.
